Rough Leather Tunic
Dark Leather Tunic
Leather Bracers
Generic Leather Legguards
Common Trinket
Reaver Tunic
Reaver Forearm Bands
Reaver Belt
Jötunn Trinket
Arcane Shoulder Wraps
Arcane Bracers
Arcane Waist Guard
Wolf Trinket
Boar Hide Shoulder Guard
Boar Hide Bracers
Boar Hide Belt
Traveler Trinket
Leather Tunic
Reinforced Leather Bracers
Reinforced Leather Legguards
Superior Trinket
Hardened Leather Breastplate
Hardened Leather Bracers
Hardened Leather Legguards
Exquisite Trinket
Reinforced Leather Chestguard
Enchanted Leather Bracers
Enchanted Leather Legguards
Flawless Trinket
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful block.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a short burst of Rage on any successful block.
High Perk activation chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC on any successful parry.
High Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE on any successful parry.
High Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on any successful parry.
Very low Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN when damage is taken.
Very low Perk activation chance to grant a Rage Burst when damage is taken.
High Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH when Kratos’s Health drops to a critical level.
High Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE when Kratos’s Health drops to a critical level.
High Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC when Kratos’s Health drops to a critical level.
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Health Burst on any successful axe hit.
Low Perk activation chance to create a FROST explosion on any successful axe hit.
High Perk activation chance to grant a Health Burst on any successful precision throw.
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Rage Burst on any successful precision throw.
Low Perk activation chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful axe throw.
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC on any successful precision throw.
High percentage chance on impaling an enemy to the wall with Axe Toss to generate a burst of cooldown energy.
High percentage chance to generate a burst of additional rage whenever an enemy is impaled into the wall with a Thrown Axe.
High percentage chance when shattering a frozen enemy to gain a burst of health.
High percentage chance when shattering a frozen enemy to gain a burst of Cooldown energy.
High Perk activation chance to grant a Rage Burst on any successful Executioner’s Cleave.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE on any successful axe kill.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC on any successful axe kill.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on any successful axe kill.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a burst of Health on any successful kill.
Gain a tiny amount of rage any time an attack is blocked.
Bonus Rage gained when any damage is dealt with the axe.
Gain a tiny amount of bonus rage whenever damage is taken.
Successful axe kills grant a Health Burst.
Successful axe kills grant a Rage Burst.
Njörd’s Tempest
A devastating area-of-effect attack that freezes all enemies caught in the blast radius.
A destructive attack that sends out a line of ice shards that inflict FROST damage and launch enemies into the air upon contact.
A quick, propulsive dash attack with a follow-up strike. Kratos is protected during the dash.
A powerful axe throw that plows through any enemies in its path.
Tattered armor.
Defender’s Cooldown
Tattered armor.
Tattered armor.
Defender’s Rage Burst
Duelist’s Runic
Duelist’s Defense
Duelist’s Strength
A low quality trinket.
Berserker’s Cooldown
Cheaply made, but sturdy. Commonly used within Reaver clans. Favors [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Berserker’s Rage Burst
Unyielding Strength
Unyielding Defense
Unyielding Runic
Cheaply made, but sturdy. Commonly used within Reaver clans. Favors [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Ymir’s Breath
Curved Grip of Restoration
Curved Grip of Fury
Curved Recovery Handle
Curved Runic Handle
Trinket of Precision
Trinket of Concentration
Memento of the Stolen Soul
Totem of Broken Concentration
Keepsake of the Broken Man
Cheaply made, but sturdy. Commonly used within Reaver clans. Favors [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Weighted Grip of Fury
Slayer’s Defense
Slayer’s Runic
Slayer’s Strength
Enhances defense.
Killer’s Restoration
Idol of Patience
Worn Pommel of Fury
Trinket of Blood Lust
Runic symbols on this simple armor increase [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Deadly Grip of Vitality
Deadly Grip of Fury
Hræzla Farmaðr’s Grip
Runic symbols on this simple armor increase [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Runic symbols on this simple armor increase [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Bonus to Strength.
Reinforced, boiled leather armor. Not very comfortable, but slightly increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Reinforced, boiled leather armor. Not very comfortable, but slightly increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Reinforced, boiled leather armor. Not very comfortable, but slightly increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Built to increase damage.
Worn armor.
Worn armor.
Worn armor.
Higher quality trinket.
Basic armor.
Basic armor.
Basic armor.
Nearly perfect trinket.
Improved armor.
Improved armor.
Improved armor.
Exceptional trinket.
Weapon
Chest Armor
Waist Armor
Wrist Armor
Talisman
Armor
Strength
Cooldown
Defense
Vitality
Luck
XP
XP
Hacksilver
Scrap Iron
Scrap Leather
Wolf Loot
Nightmare Loot
Tatzelwurm Loot
Fine Iron
Fine Leather
Traveler’s Grisly Trophy
Revenant Loot
Wulver Loot
Drummer Loot
Dark Elf Loot
Superior Iron
Superior Leather
Ogre Loot
Troll Loot
Valkyrie Loot
Reinforcement Material
Norse Mask
Viking Horn
Ornate Cup
Brooch
Lost Toy
Ship Head
Muspelheim Cipher Piece
Niflheim Cipher Piece
Axe Upgrade II
Axe Upgrade III
Axe Upgrade IV
Blades Upgrade II
Blades Upgrade III
Blades Upgrade IV
A stone that grants entry to the Völunder Mines.
Völunder Entry Stone
Niflheim Entry Stone
A stone that grants entry to the depths of Niflheim.
Runic
Basic Sharpshooter Garb
Superior Sharpshooter Garb
Legendary Sharpshooter Garb
Basic Fighter Tunic
Superior Fighter Tunic
Legendary Fighter Tunic
Basic Runic Vestment
Superior Runic Vestment
Legendary Runic Vestment
Exchange 10 Scrap Iron for 1 Fine Iron
Take 10 Fine Iron to create 1 Superior Iron
Exchange 10 Scrap Leather for 1 Fine Leather
Take 10 Fine Leather to create 1 Superior Leather
Take 1 Fine Leather to create 10 Scrap Leather
Take 1 Superior Leather to create 10 Fine Leather
Take 1 Fine Iron to create 10 Scrap Iron
Take 1 Superior Iron to create 10 Fine Iron
Fine Iron (Refined)
Fine Iron
Superior Iron (Combined)
Fine Leather
Superior Leather (Combined)
Scrap Leather (Refined)
Fine Leather (Refined)
Scrap Iron (Refined)
Increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and makes new Leviathan Axe Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and makes new Leviathan Axe Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and makes new Leviathan Axe Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and makes new Blades of Chaos Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and makes new Blades of Chaos Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and makes new Blades of Chaos Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Pride of the Frost
A Heavy Attack Finisher at the end of the Light Attack Combo. Press [LightAttackButton], [LightAttackButton], [LightAttackButton], [HeavyAttackButton] to perform.
Freezing Burst
Aim and Hold [HeavyAttackButton] to charge up the Leviathan Axe and cause an explosion on impact that inflicts FROST damage.
Executioner’s Cleave
Hold [HeavyAttackButton] for a brutal cleaving axe attack that deals massive damage.
Freezing Throw
Aim and Press [HeavyAttackButton] for a powerful attack that freezes smaller enemies for a short duration and inflicts heavy damage to all enemies.
Grinding Storm
Hold [LightAttackButton] for an axe attack that hits enemies multiple times and locks them down.
Hunter-Killer I
Aim and Hold [LightAttackButton] to select 3 targets on a single enemy or across 3 separate enemies.
Common Blessing
Unstable Blessing
Mundane Blessing
Flawed Blessing
Incomplete Blessing
Frost Rush
While sprinting, Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a leaping attack.
Leviathan’s Fury
While sprinting, Press [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a massive leaping attack.
Guardian Sweep
While Bare-Handed, Hold [LightAttackButton] to sweep enemies off their feet and inflict a moderate amount of STUN damage.
Guardian’s Justice
While Bare-Handed, Hold [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a shield slam and inflict a moderate amount of STUN damage.
Sprinting Quick Recall
While sprinting Bare-Handed, Hold [LightAttackButton] to perform a leaping attack that quickly recalls the axe.
Sprinting Heavy Recall
While sprinting Bare-Handed, Hold [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a devastating slam attack that quickly recalls the axe.
Whirlwind Sweep
Switch stances by pausing momentarily after any Leviathan Axe attack. Once in new stance, Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a sweeping attack.
Whirlwind Throw
Switch stances by pausing momentarily after any Leviathan Axe attack. Once in new stance, Press [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a ranged attack.
Switch stances by pausing momentarily after any Bare-Handed attack. Once in new stance, Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a powerful uppercut. Press [LightAttackButton] again to perform a follow-up slam attack.
Guardian’s Revenge
Guardian’s Fury
Switch stances by pausing momentarily after any Bare-Handed attack. Once in new stance, Press [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a leaping shield attack. After the shield attack, Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a follow-up slam attack.
Leviathan Axe
A powerful weapon handed down to Kratos.
Haymaker Crush
While sprinting Bare-Handed, Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a powerful running haymaker attack that sends enemies tumbling along the ground.
Shoulder Barrage
While sprinting Bare-Handed, Press [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a powerful shoulder-ram attack that sends enemies flying back.
Precision Throw Combo
After landing a precision axe throw (weak points and headshots), Press [AxeRecallButton] during the flash to recall the Leviathan Axe and cause the next throw or melee attack to explode on contact, inflicting FROST damage.
Rising Fury
Hold [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a powerful attack that launches enemies into the air.
Hold [LightAttackButton] to perform a powerful attack that strikes all enemies around Kratos.
Whirling Chaos
Chaotic Rampage
Switch stances by pausing momentarily after any Blades of Chaos attack. Once in new stance, Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a flurry of close-range attacks.
Chaotic Flurry
Switch stances by pausing momentarily after any Blades of Chaos attack. Once in new stance, Press [HeavyAttackButton] to perform an explosive triple-stab dash attack.
Elemental Slash
Aim and Press [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a powerful sweeping attack that inflicts heavy BURN damage.
Elemental Charge
Aim and Hold [HeavyAttackButton] to charge up BURN damage that is inflicted on impact.
Plume of Chaos
Press [HeavyAttackButton] during the second-to-last light combo attack to add a Heavy Combo Finisher.
Rushing Chaos
While sprinting, Press [LightAttackButton] to execute a powerful double-slash attack that staggers enemies.
Chaos Slam
While sprinting, Press [HeavyAttackButton] to leap into the air and perform a powerful chain-slam attack.
Detonation
Press [HeavyAttackButton] to extend the Heavy Stance Combo by two attacks.
Average Blessing
Standard Blessing
Normal Blessing
Fine Quality Blessing
High Quality Blessing
Superior Blessing
Perfect Blessing
Infinity Blessing
Shining Superior Blessing
Shining High Quality Blessing
Adequate Blessing
Polished Grip
Wooden Grip
Superior Grip
Enchanted Grip
Asgardian Hilt
Charge of the White Bear
Leviathan’s Wake
The River of Knives
Ivaldi’s Anvil
A rapidly spinning melee attack that clears out surrounding enemies and deals significant damage.
Fury of the Ice Troll
A quick radial shockwave attack that slows enemies and sends them flying back.
Thiazi’s Talon
A propulsive slice attack that launches a small, vertical wave that inflicts medium FROST damage.
Strike of the Utgard
A wide-arcing attack that inflicts a moderate amount of FROST damage.
Blessings of the Frost
Activate to temporarily power up the Leviathan Axe with small explosions of FROST damage on every hit and slight bonus to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and normal attacks.
Wrath of the Frost Ancient
A powerful ice beam that slows all enemies on contact.
Týr’s Revenge
A powerful spinning attack against a single target, with a follow-up attack that slams the enemy to the ground.
Mists of Helheim
A lingering area-of-effect attack that creates a small hazard that inflicts FROST damage to all enemies inside.
Breath of Thamur
A massive area-of-effect attack that deals damage to all enemies within an extremely large area.
Frost Giant’s Frenzy
3 powerful slam attacks that launch enemies and then sends them flying.
Dashing Heavy Chop
Dash towards a target and execute a fast version of the Axe Heavy Chop attack as well as additional splash damage.
Whirlwind Toss
Toss the Axe Whirlwind in front of Kratos and hit all enemies in a large radius around the toss.
Tartarus Rage
A destructive slam attack that hits enemies with 2 Blade slams.
Hyperion Slam
A massive slam attack that causes a destructive explosion.
Sweep Slam
Sweep all enemies off their feet before executing a powerful slam attack.
Cyclone of Chaos
A circling sweep attack that clears out all nearby enemies.
Fiery Shield Rush
Dash towards the intended target and execute a shield attack.
Rage of the Titans
A rapid blade attack that ends in a devastating swipe that launches enemies into the air.
Rampage of the Furies
A robust flurry attack that ends in a powerful slam.
Nemean Crush
A massive shockwave attack that sends all enemies flying back.
Blast of Hephaestus
A quick, fiery blast of energy that inflicts a small amount of BURN damage.
Gift of Apollo
Temporarily enhance the Blades of Chaos so that every hit gives Kratos a small amount of Health.
Prometheus Flame
A deadly slam attack that creates a small tear under up to 4 enemies before summoning a large pillar of flame beneath them.
Fire of Ares
A slam attack that sends out a fiery wave.
Shield Leap
Jump forward and execute a powerful midair strike with the shield.
Lost Toys
Sell your Lost Toy Artifacts at the Shop for Hacksilver. They have no other use on your journey.
Ship Heads
Seiðr Mask
Ornate Cups
Viken Horns
Brooches
Axe Pommel
Light Runic Attack
Heavy Runic Attack
Light Runic Attack
Heavy Runic Attack
Leather
Iron
Elven Cloth
Hel Frost
Eternal Obsidian
Solid Mist
Talon Bow Upgrade II
Talon Bow Upgrade III
Talon Bow Upgrade IV
Talon Bow Upgrade V
Talon Bow Upgrade VI
Increases arrow damage and makes new Talon Bow Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases arrow damage and makes new Talon Bow Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases arrow damage and makes new Talon Bow Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases arrow damage and makes new Talon Bow Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases arrow damage.
Runic Summons fully recharge Atreus’s quiver with arrows.
Fáfnir’s Entry Stone
A stone that unlocks doors in Fáfnir’s Storeroom.
Viken Tunic
Defender’s Cuirass
Basic defensive armor that increases [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY.
Sturdy defensive armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Sturdy defensive armor favoring [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY.
Plated Völunder Cuirass
Runic Scaled Spaulders
Plated Pauldrons of Focus
Runic Wyrmskin Pauldrons
Wolfskin Shoulder Guard
Metal-Plated Shoulder Guard
Dwarven Runic Pauldron
Basic offensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Sturdy armor favoring [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Girded defensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Hardened leather armor designed for a large range of movement. Favors [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Sturdy offensive armor that increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Armor reinforced with Dwarven metal favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Viken Waist Guard
Defender’s Waist Guard
Plated Völunder Waist Guard
Runic War Belt
Scaled Waist Guard of Focus
Runeweaver War Belt
Wolfskin Waist Guard
Metal-Plated Waist Guard
Dwarven Runic War Belt
Basic defensive armor that increases [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY.
Sturdy defensive armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Sturdy defensive armor favoring [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY.
Hardened leather armor designed for a large range of movement. Favors [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Sturdy offensive armor that increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Armor reinforced with Dwarven metal favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Basic offensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Sturdy armor favoring [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Girded defensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Viken Bracers
Defender’s Arm Guards
Plated Völunder Gauntlets
Runic Forearm Bracers
Scaled Bracers of Focus
Plated Runeweaver Bracers
Wolfskin Bracers
Metal-Plated Bracers
Dwarven Runic Gauntlets
Basic defensive armor that increases [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY.
Sturdy defensive armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Sturdy defensive armor favoring [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY.
Basic offensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Sturdy armor favoring [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Girded defensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Hardened leather armor designed for a large range of movement. Favors [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Sturdy offensive armor that increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Armor reinforced with Dwarven metal favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Worn Wrappings of Exile
Stiff leather forearm wraps provide protection, and conceal a dark secret.
Thick, sturdy strips of leather and fur provide light protection from the dangers of the forest.
A simple belt made from animal hide. Functional and versatile.
Woven Shoulder Guard of Exile
Burnished Belt of Exile
Hel’s Touch
An extremely quick burst of energy that interrupts and knocks back all nearby enemies.
Pauldron of the True Warrior
Dwarven-forged metal embedded with Ogre teeth, favoring [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Gauntlets of the True Warrior
Dwarven-forged metal embedded with Ogre teeth, favoring [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Waist Guard of the True Warrior
Reinforced offensive armor of Dwarven-forged steel, favoring [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Mythic Pauldrons of Clarity
Pauldrons reinforced with layered steel of unknown origin, favoring [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Mythic Bracers of Clarity
Bracers reinforced with layered steel of unknown origin, favoring [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Mythic War Belt of Clarity
Belt reinforced with layered steel of unknown origin, favoring [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Mythic Pauldrons of Protection
Heavily reinforced armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Ornate Bracers of Protection
Heavily reinforced armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Plated Waist Guard of Protection
Heavily reinforced armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Mythic Pauldron of Arcane Might
Fortified steel from a Dwarven forge imbues this offensive armor with increases to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Mythic Gauntlets of Arcane Might
Fortified steel from a Dwarven forge imbues this offensive armor with increases to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Mythic War Belt of Arcane Might
Fortified steel from a Dwarven forge imbues this offensive armor with increases to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Pauldrons of the World Serpent
Masterfully crafted offensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Bracers of the World Serpent
Masterfully crafted offensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
War Belt of the World Serpent
Masterfully crafted offensive armor favoring [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Ornate Pauldrons of Vigor
Heavily fortified armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Mythic Gauntlets of Vigor
Heavily fortified armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Mythic Battle Belt of Vigor
Heavily fortified armor favoring [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Elven Artifact
Weighted War Handle
High Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on any successful Executioner’s Cleave.
Curved Recovery Handle
High Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful precision throw.
Duelist’s Health Burst
High Perk activation chance to grant a Health Burst on any successful parry.
Talisman of Saving Grace
Passively, grants an invincible barrier for several seconds when Kratos’s Health drops to a critical level. Short cooldown after use.
Crude wooden axe grip.
Glaive Storm
Throw the Leviathan Axe towards any nearby targets, automatically seeking out, hitting, and inflicting FROST damage to any enemies caught in its path.
Gullveig’s Skull
Gullveig’s Right Hand
Gullveig’s Left Hand
Goals
Artifacts
Labors
Lore
Bestiary
Codex
Resources
Settings
Inventory
Map
Restart from Checkpoint
Quit Game
Save / Load
Controller Settings
Audio
Photo Mode
No Save Data
SAVE SLOTS
Save
Overwrite Save
Load
Back
Close
CONTROLLER SETTINGS
AUDIO SETTINGS
Select
Level
Select WAD
WAD
Select Level
No save slots available
Hold
Tap
Exit
No wads available
Upgrade:
Equip
[SquareButton] Purchase
SKILL TREE:
You have
You have no son language resources
Chest Armor Recipes
Pommel Recipes
Midgard
Alfheim
Helheim
Jötunheim
Niflheim
Muspelheim
Svartalfheim
Vanaheim
Asgard
Select Realm
Zoom Out
Zoom In
Realm
Region
XP
Mystic Gateway Points
Enchantment Socket
Skills
Switch Character
Kratos
Son
Camera Settings
CAMERA SETTINGS
Motion Blur
Sway Strength
Camera Speed
Slayer’s Cooldown
Berserker’s Defense
Blessing of the Light Elves
High Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC on any successful parry.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Rage Burst on any successful block.
Moderate chance to gain Blessing of Recovery on any successful block.
Killing an enemy restores some Health. (Low Chance)
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful kill.
Killing an enemy gives a small amount of bonus Rage.
Very low Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE when damage is taken.
Reduces all damage from Dark Elves’ attacks by 12% (stacks up to 36% max).
This is a message from LAMS!
Confirm
Lessons
Complete
New Objective
Spread the Ashes
Second Hand Soul
Mother’s last wish was to spread her ashes on the highest peak
Find Brok’s friend… or what’s left of him
CUT - Bound by Blood
CUT - We talked to a Fallen Warrior who said his brother doesn’t know he’s dead. He asked us to inform him of his demise.
Spoils of War
Elven Artifacts
Draugr’s Demise
Kill Draugr\nEncounter more of these undead flame-soldiers by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Follow the river downstream
Mother gave me this journal and made me promise to use it. So… I guess I just write everything down now? Should be plenty of time while Father chops down the trees she marked. Been a long while since I’ve gone anywhere with him… but this is what she wanted, so I guess we both better get used to it.
Hunt with Atreus
Father’s taking me hunting before we start the journey to the mountain. Mother’s wishes were clear—we let the pyre burn, then take her ashes to the highest peak in the realms. I’ve got to show him I’m ready and I won’t get sick anymore. Mom wanted us to scatter them together… I won’t let her down!
Find the Deer
Can’t let that deer get away, time to finish what we started.
Return to the house
Wow, Father and I killed a troll. I always knew he was tough, but I never knew he could move like that. Time to head home to recover.
Continue towards the mountain
Father and I have left home and are going to the highest peak in the realm to spread mothers ashes.
Escape the ruins
Father beat the stranger at our door, but we’re not safe there anymore. Ready or not, we’re heading for the mountain. \n
First we need to escape this creepy place. Where are all the people?
Continue towards the mountain
We survived the monsters and traps that were in the ruins and found the mountain again. Now we are back on the path.
Hunt with Atreus
On another hunt. I think Father is trying to take my mind off of what happened before. I won’t let him down.
Find Atreus
Tracking the boar, I got separated from Father. How’d that happen? I’m always the one trying to keep up.
Follow the Witch
I shot the boar, but it was a friendly magic boar and this nice Witch’s friend! We need to help her save his life…
Collect the white-petaled flower
The Witch sent me to the garden out back to gather herbs for the boar. I hope she can heal him.
Return to Atreus
We did everything we could for the Boar. When Father is done talking to the Witch, it’ll be time to get back to our journey.
Return to the Witch
Time to bid farewell to the Witch and get back on the path… but I can’t believe I dropped Mother’s knife.
Get to the boat
The nice Witch drew protection staves on us and showed us a way to reach the mountain by boat. Row towards daylight, she said…
Boat towards daylight
Is every witch’s cave full of monsters and treasure chests? I don’t know any other witches, so I guess that’s not weird. Anyways, we found the boat, so we should head towards daylight.
Follow the Witch
The Black Breath—some sort of nasty-smelling magic—stopped us at the entrance to the mountain. The friendly Witch from the woods appeared and told us we need the Light of Alfheim, and she’s going to help us get it…
Realign the bridge
To get the light we need to dispel the Black Breath, we need to go to Alfheim. To get to Alfheim, we need to realign the bridge so we can use the Realm Travel Room.
Follow the Witch
We realigned the bridge and I think we are all set to continue our journey. I’m glad we have the Witch of the Woods here to help.
Travel to Alfheim
I’ve heard stories about Alfheim and the Light Elves from Mother, but I never thought I’d actually get to go there myself. Our goal is to find The Light and dispel the Black Breath, but I can’t wait to see what going to another realm is like.
The Light of Alfheim
Capture the Light of Alfheim and dispel the Black Breath to reach the mountain.
Get to the Ringed Temple
The Light Elves and Dark Elves are fighting an endless war over the light we need. Father doesn’t want to get involved, but we need some of the Bifröst light for ourselves if we’re ever going to fulfill Mom’s final wish. They cut off the light bridge to the temple, so we’re finding another way in.
Free the boat
We ran into our pal Sindri along the beach and also found this boat tangled up in hive tendrils. If we find a way to dislodge it, we can explore further into Alfheim
Between The Realms
What lies off the path of the World Tree?
Find a way into the temple
The Light Elves and Dark Elves are fighting an endless war over the light we need. Father doesn’t want to get involved, but we need some of the Bifröst light for ourselves if we’re ever going to fulfill Mom’s final wish. The Elves are trying to keep us out, but we’re looking for a way in.
Reactivate the Ringed Temple bridge
We found a light bridge leading into the temple, but as soon as we got close it went out. There has to be a way to reactivate it, time to start looking for clues.
Go back up to the Ringed Temple bridge
We reactivated the main bridge. Now all we have to do is get back up and cross it. Should be easy, right?
Find another way into the temple
Well, the front door was locked. Guess I should have seen that coming. Time to look for another way into the Temple.
Find a way into the hive
We’re in the temple where they keep the Light of Alfheim, but it’s all covered up. We need to find a way to free it so we can get what we need for the Bifröst.
Destroy the hive and claim the Light
So, yea, of course we need to bring this hive down. Things sure seem dire in Alfheim these days. We need the light and the only way we are going to get it is by destroying this hive. Maybe we’ll end up helping the Light Elves in the process.
Find a way out of the temple
We have the Light. Let’s get out of this place.
Return to the boat
The Light Elves have returned to Alfheim! I know that this wasn’t our original goal, but I feel pretty good about it. Now, we need to find a way back to our boat which is on the other side of the lake. We’ll have to go through the trench to get there.
Return to Týr’s Temple
Now that we have the Light of Alfheim captured in the Bifröst, we can return to Midgard and continue our journey to the highest peak.
Realm travel back to Midgard
Wow… what a trip. We destroyed the Dark Elf Hive, ended the war, Father disappeared into the Light for what seemed like forever and I had to fight off an entire swarm of Dark Elves. So much has happened since Mom died… but we can’t lose sight of our goal to spread her ashes. Time to head back to Midgard and use the Light on the Black Breath.
Investigate the dead Giant
Our journey continues! Step one: get a piece of the chisel from the dead Giant’s hammer.
Retrieve a piece of the chisel
We’re here and its cold. The Giant is huge, so it should be easy enough to make our way over there and get a piece of his hammer… although by this point, I know that nothing is as easy as it seems.
Find a way to break the ice
The magic chisel we need a piece of is buried under a lot of ice (and a dead Giant stone mason). Father’s got a plan to reach it. I hope it works!
Retrieve a piece of the chisel
That chisel is huge, so we’ll have to carve a little piece off of it to take with us.
Return to the boat
We got to the chisel’s tip, but Thor’s awful sons Magni and Modi attacked us. Father put his axe through Magni’s face and Modi ran away, but I got so angry I almost got sick again. I must fight it! We just need the travel rune to Jötunheim now, and we can finally scatter Mom’s ashes…
Find a way out of Helheim
I’ve really messed everything up. I killed Modi for what he said about Mom, but Father got angry and we kept arguing all the way to the summit. Then Baldur found us, and in the fighting we destroyed our path to Jötunheim. Now we’ve been sucked into the far side of Hel, and somehow we need to get out of here before we freeze.
Use the ship
Maybe this ship is my ticket out of Helheim.
Free the Ship
Going to need to free the ship if I want to make it out of here
Escape Helheim
The boat works just like those flying lanterns in the mountain! If we can free it, and keep it in one piece, maybe we can sail out of Hel alive! \n
Also—Freya is Baldur’s mother!?
Return to Týr’s Vault
Father told me…. he’s a god, and so am I. I guess not knowing was making me sick. He seems so ashamed, I guess because of how much he hates gods… but Mom always said some of them were good. Anyway—back to Týr’s vault to find the Black Rune!
Go to Týr’s Vault
Of course Týr wouldn’t just leave the Black Rune sitting out. I know it’s a vault, but this thing has some serious security.
Escape the trap
Well this isn’t good…
Show Týr’s key plans to Brok
These plans seem to lay out how to create a special key.
Locate Týr’s mysterious door
Brok and Sindri made us the key to enter Týr’s hidden chamber. I have a feeling it’s that door downstairs by the water, on the round part of the temple. If it was important enough for Týr to hide, maybe there’s something inside that can give us a new path to Jötunheim!
Go back up and flip the temple
Let’s flip this temple!
It has to be down here somewhere.
Enter the Völunder Mines
Brok just asked us to find his Alchemist friend, Andvari, at the Völunder Mines. Father isn’t big on helping people for no reward, but Brok DID just give us the entry stone to the Mines… Maybe we should look into it?
Find the Dwarf with a green ring
Brok isn’t sure his friend is still alive, but at least we know he’s wearing a green ring. I’ll keep an eye out for it while Father is “gathering resources.”
Retrieve the severed hand
We killed the Soul Eater and found Andvari’s ring! And his hand. But… no body. We should look at the ring and make sure it’s Andvari’s.
Return to Brok
I hope Brok isn’t too upset about Andvari being dead. I’m not sure exactly what he needed him for, but maybe he’ll give us a reward for finding the ring?
Deus Ex Malachite
Help Brok find his dead friend Andvari
Meet Brok at the Landsuther Mines
Brok thinks he knows where we might find his dead friend Andvari (the Dwarf whose hand we found). He’ll explain more if we meet him at the Landsuther Mines.
Search for Andvari’s hammer
So, that ring we found: Andvari’s soul is trapped inside! Apparently, he stashed it in there so the Soul Eater wouldn’t eat it. Brok wants us to use him to find his fancy hammer. Andvari seems grouchy about it, but I guess I would be too if I were trapped in a ring and some strangers were stealing my stuff.
Return to Brok
With Andvari’s help (finally), we found his hammer! For a soul trapped in a ring, Andvari sure is talkative. I bet Brok will be happy to have them both!
Fáfnir’s Hoard
Help Sindri find Fáfnir’s whetstone
Head to Fáfnir’s storeroom
Sindri told us about the Dwarf Fáfnir who was renowned for his collection of (stolen) treasures. A treasure-filled storeroom sounds like it might be worth a look. Sindri asked us to keep an eye out for a special whetstone from Niflheim. I just hope nobody got there before us…
Use entry stone on the pedestal
We made it inside the Storeroom, but all the rooms are locked. Seems like Fáfnir was pretty paranoid about people stealing his stuff. Although I guess since WE’RE here to steal his stuff, he had reason to be. Hopefully Sindri’s entry stone will unlock the first room.
Search for the whetstone
The first room is open! Maybe we’ll find another entry stone inside. We should search every room in here for Sindri’s whetstone… and anything else that looks useful. Hopefully the Reavers didn’t pick this place clean.
Talk to the Reaver Spirit
We’re in the last room, and we haven’t found a whetstone yet. But there’s a spirit here. Maybe he knows something?
Return to Sindri
When he was alive, the Reaver Spirit found the whetstone we were looking for… and then his son stabbed him in the back and took it! Father took the dagger from his back, and now we’re bringing it back to Sindri. Maybe he’ll be able to use it to find his whetstone.
Family Business
Retrieve the whetstone.
Head to the Northri Stronghold
Sindri used the sigil on the knife we brought him to trace the Reavers to the Northri Stronghold. That’s probably where they brought their haul from the storeroom, including that whetstone he keeps going on about. We should check it out and see what we can find.
Find a way to open the grate
Looks like these Reavers were just as paranoid as Fáfnir. There’s a giant metal grate blocking our path. Maybe we can open it using the giant water wheel?
Explore deeper into the stronghold
What was this place? We haven’t found much so far besides corrupted Reavers. We should go deeper into the stronghold.
Investigate the reaver ship
We found a wrecked Reaver ship, and it looks like things didn’t end well for them. We should get down there and take a closer look.
Return to Sindri
I can’t stop thinking about how this Reaver killed his own father. Why are people so greedy sometimes? At least we found the whetstone Sindri wanted! I wonder what he’ll make us with it… once he finishes cleaning the blood off…
CUT - Inform the Brother of His Own Death
The Fallen Warrior said we could find his brother near Lookout Tower
Return to the Fallen Warrior
We found the brother and told him he was dead… it went poorly. Time to return to the Fallen Warrior.
The Anatomy of Hope
Maybe we can talk to Mom again…
Recover Gullveig’s Bones
Bones Collected: %d of %d \n
This ghost wants us to find this dead lady’s bones and bring them back to the rest of her body. She’s missing both hands and her head. It’s pretty disgusting! But if it works, maybe it’ll be worth it…
Return Gullveig’s Bones
We have all the bones, now we just need to place them with the skeletal corpse next to the spirit guy’s body and see what happens. I wonder what this maiden is like… and why they scattered her body parts.
Speak to the spirit
We’ve recovered all the scattered bones of the maiden. Time to bring them back to the spirit and see if he can make good on his word.
Kill Gullveig
Father was right—
Hammer Fall
Bring down the smaller Thor statue on the island off Veithurgard
Destroy the statue of Thor
We met the ghost of a man who devoted his life to Thor, but now he’s turned against him. He wants us to destroy a statue… not the big one in the Lake of Nine, but a smaller one on an island outside the lake, adorned in emerald. As much as Father hates gods, I bet we’ll help him out.
Return to the Disciple of Thor
Now that we brought down the statue we should probably head back to that spirit and let him know. I also have to remind Father that we were allowed to loot the grave near the statue.
Elven Artifacts Collected: %d of %d
In the endless wars between the Light and Dark Elves, a lot of amazing relics have been abandoned. We should pick up any we find, Brok would pay good Hacksilver for these.
The Faces of Magic
Seiðr Masks
Seiðr Masks Collected: %d of %d
We found this scary mask in the dangerous part of the River Pass. Let’s keep an eye out for more — somebody might pay good Hacksilver for these.
Horns of Veithurgard
Viken Horns
Viken Horns Collected: %d of %d
I’ve seen horns used by warriors or hunting parties to signal others, but these horns look fancier than most. They must have belonged to someone important here at Veithurgard. I bet each of them would fetch a nice bit of Hacksilver…
Bottoms Up
Ornate Cups
Ornate Cups Collected: %d of %d
The Giants of the Mountain were so creative! Even these cups are little pieces of art, no two alike, each one special. We should see how many we can find, they seem rare and valuable.
Family Heirloom
Brooches
Brooches Collected: %d of %d
I’ve heard stories of the dead bringing offerings with them to Helheim. I wonder if they dropped these? Mother never wore any jewelry like this, so I’ve never seen anything like it. I’m sure Brok will buy these from us next time we see him.
Lost and Found
Lost Toys
Lost Toys Collected: %d of %d
We found this little toy near the house. I used to have one like it… I think it may be part of a set. If we can find more, they may be worth something.
Abandon Ship
Ship Heads
Ship Heads Collected: %d of %d
Exploring the Lake of Nine, we found this beautiful figurehead. It may be all that’s left of a ship that once went on great adventures. I wonder if there are more, among these wrecks and beaches? Maybe Brok would give us some Hacksilver for them.
Dead and Bloated
Find the Location from the Scroll
Find the Location from the Scroll
The troll who killed my kin is slain, but the battle has taken its toll. I’ve buried whatever I have left near his corpse. Ingrid and I used to frequent this beach to watch the sun rise over the temple.
Complete the Muspelheim Language Cipher
Unlock the Realm of Muspelheim
The Realm of Fire
Muspelheim Ciphers Found: %d of %d\n
We found a fragment of a disc with strange runes on it. From what Mother taught me, I think it’s part of a language cipher for the runes of Muspelheim. If we can find the other pieces of the disc, I should be able to complete the cipher and learn the language… and that’s sure to open all sorts of new paths for us.
Complete the Niflheim Language Cipher
Unlock the Realm of Niflheim
The Realm of Fog
Niflheim Ciphers Found: %d of %d\n
This disc fragment seems to be part of a language cipher for the runes of Niflheim. If we can find the rest of it, I should be able to read the language… and who knows what we’ll learn?
Gold: Kill 51 Ravens
The Raven God’s eyes and ears are everywhere
The Eyes of Odin
Restore Light to the Realm Towers
Light of the World
Braziers Lit: %d of %d \n
Light Týr’s braziers on the Realm Towers around the Lake of Nine.
Prove Your Valor
Discover the fate of the Valkyries
God vs. Queen
Eight Valkyries freed. Time to face the Queen.
Defeat the Valkyrie Queen
We’ve fought and freed her eight sisters, now it’s time to take on the Queen herself.
Artifacts
We got a lead on the Black Rune. It’s said that Týr hid it in a secret vault. Let the hunt begin
The Sickness
Do as Freya asks. Save the boy.
Ask Freya for help
Be strong, boy. Freya will care for you. I will do whatever she needs to save you.
Use Freya’s boat to return home
Realm travel to Helheim
Reach the Bridge Keeper
Deliver the heart to Freya
Return to the boat
A Path To Jötunheim
Our last chance at Jötunheim depends on following Týr’s hidden clue.
Retrieve the Black Rune
We’ve found the vault, now if we can just find that Black Rune, we’ll have everything we need to travel to Jötunheim.
Retrieve the Black Rune
Let’s get this stone and get out of here!
Return to the Summit
At the summit of the mountain, we can finally open the bridge to Jötunheim.
Collect Týr’s mysterious object
Maybe this is the object that the triptych showed opening the path to the tower.
Use the Unity Stone
Maybe Brok and Sindri will be able to tell us what this Talisman does.
Labor Complete
Increases arrow capacity to 4
Increases arrow capacity to 5
Increases arrow capacity to 6
Increases arrow capacity to 7
Increases arrow capacity to 8
Quiver Upgrade II
Quiver Upgrade III
Quiver Upgrade IV
Quiver Upgrade V
Quiver Upgrade VI
A land of traps and forests
The River Pass
Wildwood’s Edge
Temp Dangers of the World Desc
Sanctuary Grove
Temp Sanctuary Grove Desc
Midgard Lake
Temp Midgard Lake Desc
Týr’s Temple
Temp Midgard Temple Desc
Midgard Bridge
Temp Midgard Bridge Desc
Foot of the Mountain
Temp Foot of the Mountain Desc
Mountain’s Base
Temp Base of the Mountain Desc
Týr’s Bridge
Temp Alfheim Bridge Desc
Alfheim
Temp Alfheim Desc
Ringed Temple Trench
Temp Alfheim Trench Desc
Light Elf Sanctuary
Temp The Ringed Temple Desc
Ringed Temple Interior
Temp Ringed Temple Interior Desc
Midgard Lake
Temp Midgard Lake Desc
Völunder Mines
Temp Völunder Mines Desc
Veithurgard
Temp Veithurgard Desc
Stone Falls
Temp Beach Waterfall Desc
Cliffs of the Raven
Temp Beach Maze Desc
Lookout Tower
Temp Beach Tower Desc
Lake of Nine
Temp Caldera Lake Desc
Rapid Fire Skill 1
Allows Atreus to fire shots faster on command.
Rapid Fire Skill 2
Allows Atreus to fire shots even faster on command.
Artifact Set Complete
Masks Found: %d of %d
Horns Found: %d of %d
New Labor
Cups Found: %d of %d
Brooches Found: %d of %d
Dimension
Lost Toys Found: %d of %d
Ship Heads Found %d of %d
Realm Unlocks
Niflheim Ciphers Found: %d of %d
Muspelheim Ciphers Found: %d of %d
Braziers Lit: %d of %d
Odin’s Ravens Killed: %d of %d
Dragons Freed: %d of %d
Free the Chained Dragons
Free Dragons
Dragons Freed: %d of %d \n
Liberate dragons from their bondage.
Repair the Jötunheim realm travel gate
The Jötunheim travel gate is missing its crystal.
Talk to Brok and Sindri
The trip to Jötunheim failed because we don’t have a travel crystal. We could use Mimir’s eyes if he only had them both, but Odin ran off with one. We’re going to see what Brok and Sindri know about it…
Return to the Serpent’s horn in Midgard
We need Mimir’s eye to travel to Jötunheim. Odin stole his eye and hid it in the statue of Thor. Jörmungandr the World Serpent ate the statue. So, I guess we have to ask the Serpent if we can have it back…?
Find Mimir’s eye
Return to the Realm Travel Room
Mimir has his other eye back! Now we can use it to open the bridge to Jötunheim! We’re almost there, Mom!
Elven Artifacts Found %d of %d
Deactivate the Vault’s defenses
Defeat the Bridge Keeper
Realm travel back to Midgard
We found a hidden clue thanks to Mimir’s special sight! There’s a secret door in the temple, and we’re going to see Brok to make us the key to get inside.
Break the chains
The temple is chained down.
Return to the Realm Travel Room
Now that the temple is upside down, maybe we have access to mysterious object that Týr took so much trouble to hide.
Realm Travel to Jötunheim
Now that the tower is restored, we should be able to use the realm travel table to reach Jötunheim.
Boat into the Serpent’s mouth
Jörmungandr says we can sail into his belly and look for the Thor statue where Odin hid Mimir’s eye — the last thing we need to get to Jötunheim!
Reduces all damage taken.
Increases damage for all standard attacks.
Increases both Runic Attack and Elemental damage.
Increases maximum Health and decreases the severity of hit reactions from enemy attacks.
Increases Perk activation chance. Increases XP and Hacksilver gains.
Reduces recharge time of Runic Attacks, Runic Summons, and Talismans.
Explore Týr’s hidden chamber
This is strange…Týr’s secret area surrounds the Realm Travel Room, with an upside-down version of it under the floor. And we can see a magical field just like the one the Black Rune was in, but we have to figure out a way to reach it. I wonder what’s inside and what it has to do with Jötunheim!
Return to the Realm Travel Room
We restored the Jötunheim tower! Now we can travel there from the Realm Travel Room in Týr’s Temple. Finally we’ll fulfill Mom’s wish…
A magical shard from the chisel of Thamur, the Giant stone mason.
Thamur’s Chisel
Easy
Normal
Hard
Very Hard
MsgID_ChapterNames
MsgID_ErrorMsgs_DataCorrupt
MsgID_ErrorMsgs_OwnerError
MsgID_LastPlayed
MsgID_SaveGame_AutoSave
MsgID_SaveGame_Chapter
MsgID_SaveGame_Difficulty
MsgID_SaveGame_GameTitle
MsgID_SaveGame_NewSave
MsgID_SaveGame_PlayTime
MsgID_SaveGame_Preferences
MsgID_SaveGame_TrophiesDisabled
MsgID_SaveProfile
Dragon Tooth
A tooth, brimming with energy, pulled from a dragon’s mouth at Sindri’s request.
Gullveig Bones Found: %d of %d
Landsuther Entry Stone
A stone that grants entry to the Landsuther Mines.
Landsuther Mines
Temp Landsuther Mines Desc
Kill Wolves\nEncounter more of these common pack-beasts by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Wolf’s Bane
Revenant’s Ruin
Kill Revenants\nEncounter more of these ghastly and powerful Seiðr-users by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Reaver’s Doom
Kill Reavers\nEncounter more of these corrupted footsoldiers by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Viken Brawler
Kill Vikens\nEncounter more of these aggressive club-wielders by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Shadow Warrior
Kill Shadows\nEncounter more of these projectile-throwing magic users by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Wurm-slayer
Kill Tatzelwurms\nEncounter more of these exotic burrowing beasts by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Dark Elves’ Downfall
Kill Dark Elves\nEncounter more of these winged soldiers of Alfheim by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Troll’s Toll
Kill Trolls\nEncounter more of these colossal horned totem-bearers by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Last of the Ancients
Kill Ancients\nEncounter more of these legendary elementals by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Ogre’s Undoing
Kill Ogres\nEncounter more of these brutish behemoths by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Wail of the Wulver
Kill Wulvers\nEncounter more of these cursed were-beasts by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Odin’s Vault
Fáfnir’s Storeroom
Temp Fáfnir’s Storeroom Desc
Forgotten Caverns
Temp Beach Cave Desc
Light Elf Outpost
Temp Island Climb Desc
Iron Cove
Temp Beach Shipwreck Desc
Buri’s Storeroom
Temp Island Arch Desc
Isle of Death
Temp Island Shipwreck Desc
Ascend the mountain
We made it inside the mountain! Now we need to find a way up to the highest peak, where Mom wanted her ashes scattered.
Use the sand bowl lift
Traverse the dark caves
We dispelled the Black Breath with the Light from Alfheim. Now we need to find a way up to the highest peak, where Mom wanted her ashes scattered.
Ascend the Cave Shaft
There is a huge cave shaft inside the mountain, there’s got to be a way for us to get up there.
Reach the summit
Well that’s one way to go up. Thankfully there is a huge working lift that should take us the rest of the way to the top. Hopefully it’s sturdy.
Kill the Dragon
Slay the beast to save Atreus and Sindri
Continue to the Summit
Keep moving forward to the top of the mountain and release the mother’s ashes
Found a lift that should take us to the boat. Just have to solve this Runebowl puzzle. Thankfully, we’ve done a couple of these before, so it should be a piece of cake.
Return to the mountain
We’re back in Midgard. Feels like we’ve been gone forever. The mountain is in sight, we have what we need, let’s get back to it.
Dispel the Black Breath
Our whole trip to Alfheim started when we encountered the Black Breath at Peak’s Pass. Now that we have the Alfheim Light, we can dispel it and start ascending the mountain.
A New Destination
The true highest peak is in Jötunheim, and Mimir’s going to help us get there.
Take Mimir’s head to the Witch
There’s a lot happening! At the summit we met Mimir, who made us cut off his head, and said if we can bring him back to life he’ll help us get to Jötunheim. Oh, and apparently GODS are looking for us—Baldur of Asgard and his nephews, the Sons of Thor! I’m so confused. But now we’re heading back to the Witch to see if her magic can wake up Mimir’s head.
temp Caldera Shores description
Shores of Nine
Foothills
Temp Foothills Description
Wildwoods
Temp Forest Description
Helheim
temp helheim description name
Helheim
temp helheim return description name
Konùnsgard
temp Hail to the king description
temp huldra stronghold description
Northri Stronghold
The Mason’s Channel
temp mason trail description
Unequip
temp forest dungeon description
Fáfnir’s Storeroom
Soft Svartalfheim Steel
Solid Svartalfheim Steel
Hardened Svartalfheim Steel
Svartalfheim Steel Ingot
This is test 2.
More Than Myth
Every shrine tells the story of a Giant of legend
Find all Jötnar shrines
Shrines Found: %d of %d \n
The Giants left behind shrines that tell stories from their history. I loved these stories when Mom told them. Let’s see how many we can find!
Shrines Found: %d of %d
Abilities
N/A
Realm of the Lost
N/A
The Maze
N/A
THE CHALLENGE ARENA
Mystic Gateway
The Journey
Favor
Shop
Hold [LightAttackButton] to extend the attack time and begin to create an area of effect damaging whirlwind around Kratos in a small radius that causes MINOR FROST DAMAGE.
Hold [LightAttackButton] to extend attack time by a significant time and dramatically increase the size of the FROST whirlwind.
Northri Stronghold
temp nordri stronghold description
Brok’s Shop
Home
The Summit
Mason Entrance
Mason Finale
The Marked Trees
It’s going to be a long journey to the mountain. I wonder when we’ll go…
The Hunt
Hunt with Atreus
Defeat Dauði Kaupmaðr
Mother could teach me to hunt deer… not troll. It’s a good thing Father is here. There is a lot I can learn from him.
Defeat the Stranger
I don’t know what’s happening… someone came to the door, and Father made me hide under the house. Now they’re fighting! Who is he and why is he doing this?
Return to the house
Still waiting on Dad.
Kill the Captain’s Hel-Walker Crew
Dead Freight
Spots Cleared: %d of %d \n\nThe Tradesman Spirit told us there were three separate wrecks where his crew met their end. There was a sigil near the captain’s body, if we look for that symbol, we should be able to find his crew (who are now Hel-Walkers) and kill them… again.
Kill the Hel-Walker Crew
Hel-Walker Crew Killed: %d of %d
Return to the Tradesman Spirit
The spirit’s crew walks the earth no longer. We should go tell him they are now at rest… hopefully he can find some peace himself.
The Realm Between Realms
Týr’s Lost Unity Cuirass
Cuirass forged from an offering made to Týr. Blessed with Týr’s Luck.
Týr’s Lost Unity Gauntlets
Gauntlets forged from an offering made to Týr. Blessed with Týr’s Luck.
Týr’s Lost Unity Belt
Belt forged from an offering made to Týr. Blessed with Týr’s Luck.
Offering to Týr
Increases resistance to BURN damage by 50% (stacks up to 85% max).
Increases resistance to FROST attacks by 50% (stacks up to 85% max).
Increases resistance to POISON by 50% (stacks up to 85%).
Increases resistance to BLIND by 50% (stacks up to 85% max).
Increases the damage inflicted from all Bare-Handed attacks by 6% (stacks up to 18% max).
Fire Attack Resistance
Frost Attack Resistance
Poison Resistance
Blind Resistance
Bare-Handed Damage Increase
Gift of Strength
Gift of Defense
Blessing of Runic
Boon of Immunity
Protective Barrier
Fire Barrier
Slowed!
Burning!
Cursed!
Poisoned!
Permanent Poison!
Silenced!
Stunned!
Blinded!
Deafened!
Dazed!
Shocked!
Frozen!
Blighted!
Protection of Blight
Returning Whirlwind
Returning Storm
While Bare-Handed, aim and Press [LightAttackButton] to instantly recall the Leviathan Axe and perform a powerful spinning attack.
While Bare-Handed, aim and Press [HeavyAttackButton] to instantly recall the Leviathan Axe and perform a powerful slam attack.
Winds of Hel Energy
Simple Resurrection Stone
Atreus will attempt to revive Kratos.
Return to the Realm Travel Room
Sell your Ship Head Artifacts at the Shop for Hacksilver. They have no other use on your journey.
Sell your Mask Artifacts at the Shop for Hacksilver. They have no other use on your journey.
Sell your Ornate Cup Artifacts at the Shop for Hacksilver. They have no other use on your journey.
Sell your Horn Artifacts at the Shop for Hacksilver. They have no other use on your journey.
Sell your Brooch Artifacts at the Shop for Hacksilver. They have no other use on your journey.
Sell your Spoils of War at a shop for Hacksilver. It has no other use on your journey.
Return to the Realm Travel Room
Realm travel back to Midgard
Northri Entry Stone
A stone that grants entry to the Northri Stronghold.
The Magic Chisel
Only a very special chisel can carve the travel rune to Jötunheim.
Vivarium Key Stone
King Motsògnir kept his vivarium locked with this stone.
Konùnsgard Stronghold Entry Stone
King Motsògnir kept parts of Konùnsgard locked behind these stones.
Aegir’s Gold
Gold pieces from the treasure of Aegir the Sea Giant, found afloat in the waters of Midgard. Used in a wide variety of crafting applications.
Yggdrasil’s Dew
Rare gold that is as strong as it is bright.
Enchanted Pelt
Tier 1 Region Loot
Giant’s Hair
Tier 3 Region Loot
Gleipnir Ringlet
Tier 5 Region Loot
Iðunn Apple
Collect 2 Iðunn Apples to increase your maximum Health.
Horn of Blood Mead
You have collected %d of 3 Horns of Blood Mead needed to increase your maximum Rage.
Undiscovered
Witch’s Cave Lower Level
Light Arrows cause larger explosions.
Explosive Power
Light Arrows increase WEAKEN status effect on enemies.
WEAKEN Potency
The detonation force is powerful enough to cleanse any ailments afflicting Kratos.
Cleansing Burst
Light Arrows affect enemies for a longer duration.
Lasting Light
Light Arrow explosions inflict STUN damage on hit.
Pure Light
Guardian Shield detonations cause a larger explosion.
Detonate Power
Shock Conduit can chain to a greater number of enemies.
Power Overload
SHOCK damage can now be chained between multiple enemies.
Shock Conduit
SHOCK duration increased.
Lasting Shock
Shock Arrows affect enemies for a longer duration.
Lasting Shock
Increases arrow damage and melee damage.
Atreus Power I
Greatly increases arrow damage and melee damage.
Atreus Power II
Massively increases arrow damage and melee damage.
Atreus Power III
Increases Runic powers and potency of Elemental attacks.
Runic Power 1
Increases Runic powers and potency of Elemental attacks.
Runic Power 2
Increases Runic powers and potency of Elemental attacks.
Runic Power 3
Increases the Talon Bow’s firing rate.
Dexterous Shot I
Greatly increases the Talon Bow’s firing rate.
Dexterous Shot II
Massively increases the Talon Bow’s firing rate.
Dexterous Shot III
Reduces the Talon Bow’s arrow recharge time.
Concentration 1
Greatly reduces the Talon Bow’s arrow recharge time.
Concentration 2
Massively reduces the Talon Bow’s arrow recharge time.
Concentration 3
Journey to the Mountain
Father beat the stranger at our door, but we’re not safe there anymore. Ready or not, we’re heading for the mountain.
Use the Realm Table to Travel to Niflheim
We found the last of the pieces of the Niflheim language disc! Now I can decipher those runes, including the travel rune for visiting the Realm of Fog. I wonder what it’s like there…
Use the Realm Table to Travel to Muspelheim
The Muspelheim language disc is complete! Now I can make out those runes, even the travel rune for visiting the Realm of Fire. I wonder if Father will want to go…
The Mountain
Reduces the Talon Bow’s arrow recharge time.
Greatly reduces the Talon Bow’s arrow recharge time.
Massively reduces the Talon Bow’s arrow recharge time.
Increases Atreus’s melee damage.
Greatly increases Atreus’s melee damage.
Massively increases Atreus’s melee damage.
Increases Atreus’s recovery speed from enemy attacks.
Greatly increases Atreus’s recovery speed from enemy attacks.
Massively increases Atreus’s recovery speed from enemy attacks.
Atreus can perform a variety of high STUN damage attacks when enemies are near.
Ferocity
While Atreus is choking an enemy, he can perform a combo move if Kratos launches or hits the enemy far away.
Acrobatics
Atreus will help Kratos when enemies are in certain vulnerable states, or when Kratos is attacked.
Teamwork
Wrath of the Wolf
Summons a spectral wolf that pounces on enemies 3 times.
Norn Knife Fragment
Enhance reflexes after a just-in-time dodge. Forfeit evasive roll.
Svalinn Inlay Fragment
Unleash a powerful attack that inflicts STUN damage and knocks back nearby enemies. Also has a PASSIVE EFFECT that reduces this Talisman’s cooldown on successful blocks and parries.
Ulfhednar Pelt Fragment
Scraps of a pelt worn by the wolf warriors. The wearer will deal more damage after successfully landing multiple uninterrupted blows.
Gullinbursti Bristle
Gain protection and regen when Health becomes low.
Activate while aiming to slow down time. Ranged attacks in this mode are more powerful.
Ullr’s Yew Fragment
Berserker Pelt Fragment
Unleash powerful grab attacks in a longer-lasting Spartan Rage.
Path to the Mountain
On the highest peak in the realms, we’ll scatter Mother’s ashes.
Ancient’s Heart
The smoldering heart of an Ancient. Used to craft the Ancient armor set.
Journey
Favors
Completed Favors
Shock Potency I
Shock Potency II
Shock Potency III
Shock Arrows inflict more SHOCK damage to enemies.
Shock Arrows inflict a greater amount of SHOCK damage to enemies.
Shock Arrows inflict a massive amount of SHOCK damage to enemies.
Light Potency I
Light Potency II
Light Potency III
Light Arrows inflict a massive amount of STUN damage to enemies.
Light Arrows inflict a greater amount of STUN damage to enemies.
Light Arrows inflict more STUN damage to enemies.
Return to the Lake of Nine
Let’s head back to the Lake. I think there was a similar door to the ones we just passed through.
A Realm Beyond
The Witch will show us how to travel to Alfheim, to seek the pure Light.
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Arm Guards of Recovery.
Wrist Armor Upgrade
Hail to the King
Retrieve the ingredients to craft the Dwarven Armor of Legend
Go to the Konùnsgard stronghold
Looks like Brok and Sindri can put the whetstone and hammer we found to good use and craft us the Dwarven Armor of Legend! First things first, we need to go to Konùnsgard and use the key Brok gave us.
Enter Motsògnir’s Stronghold
We have the keys we need to enter the Stronghold. This outside of this place already gives me the creeps, I wonder what we’ll find inside.
Keys found %d of %d
Explore the Stronghold
Three keys acquired! We’re inside Motsògnir’s stronghold, but there’s something wrong here. I can hear the screams of those who died. These people suffered, their last moments were spent in fear… The only way to figure out what happened here is to keep exploring.
Return to Brok and Sindri’s Shop
We found the Dwarf King Mótsognir dead in his Stronghold. He was trying to craft the armor too, he just didn’t know that the final ingredient was his own ultimate sacrifice. Father says “his loss is our gain,” so now all we have to do is take these three ingredients to Brok and Sindri. They’re hard to describe… but I’m sure the brothers can figure out what to do with them.
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Defensive Wrappings
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Wrappings of Strength
Chest Armor Upgrade
Waist Armor Upgrade
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Defensive Tunic
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Shoulder Guards of Recovery
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Shoulder Guard of Strength
Upgrade to increase Stats.
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Belt of Strength
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Defensive Belt
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Wrappings of Toughness
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Runic Wrappings
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Runic-Strength Arm Guards
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Shoulder Guard of Toughness
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Runic Shoulder Guards
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Runic-Strength Spaulder
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Belt of Toughness
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Runic Belt
Enhance attribute bonuses of Standard Runic-Strength Belt
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Defensive Arm Guards
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Wrappings of Recovery
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Gauntlets of Strength
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Defensive Spaulders
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Spaulders of Recovery
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Spaulder of Strength
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Defensive Waist Guard
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Waist Armor of Recovery
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Waist Guard of Strength
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Bracers of Toughness
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Runic Bracers
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Runic-Strength Bracers
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Breastplate of Toughness
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Runic Spaulders
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Runic-Strength Pauldron
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Waist Guard of Toughness
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Runic Waist Guard
Enhance attribute bonuses of Superior Runic-Strength War Belt
Empty Gem Slot
Empty Enchantment Socket
Health Burst
Minor Health Burst
Health Burst III
Rage Burst
Minor Rage Burst
Rage Burst III
Blessing of Frost
Blessing of Frost II
Blessing of Frost III
Healing Blades I
Healing Blades II
Healing Blades III
Realm Shift
Blessing of Cooldown
Favor
The Journey
Enchantment Socket
Atreus
Thamur’s Corpse
Talon Bow
Atreus’s bow.
Trinket
Bracer
Lower
Weapons
Chest Armor
Requires Axe Upgrade
Requires Blades Upgrade
Requires Bow Upgrade
Pauldron of the Ancients
Reinforced plates imbued with the power of an Ancient’s Heart grants this armor resistance to all ELEMENTAL damage.
Gauntlet of the Ancients
Reinforced plates imbued with the power of an Ancient’s Heart grants this armor resistance to all ELEMENTAL damage.
Belt of the Ancients
Reinforced plates imbued with the power of an Ancient’s Heart grants this armor resistance to all ELEMENTAL damage.
Ancient Light Heart
Ancient Seiðr Heart
Ancient Frost Heart
Breastplate of the Traveler
Reinforced with battle-hardened metal scraps from the Travelers’ armor. Increases [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY for warriors strong enough to wear it.
Gauntlets of the Traveler
Reinforced with battle-hardened metal scraps from the Travelers’ armor. Increases [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY for warriors strong enough to wear it.
War Belt of the Traveler
Reinforced with battle-hardened metal scraps from the Travelers’ armor. Increases [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY for warriors strong enough to wear it.
Týr’s Talisman
One-half of an ancient Talisman, famed for its great luck, that once belonged to the god Týr. Greatly increases
[Icons:LUCK] LUCK, and gives a small increase to all other Stats.
Son’s Scroll
A contract, signed in blood to kill the two brothers we met earlier.
CUT-The Truth Will Set You Free
CUT
CUT - Bring the Contract to the Brother
CUT - We found an assassin’s contract to kill the two brothers but make it look like they killed each other. That would explain why the brother who was spouting nonsense would think his brother killed him. Last time we talked to him, he was none too happy, but maybe if we show him this contract and he knows the truth, he can find some peace…
Equipped
Breastplate of Fallen Ash
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
Gauntlets of Fallen Ash
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
War Belt of Fallen Ash
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
Blazing Magma Pauldrons
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
Blazing Magma Wrappings
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
Blazing Magma War Belt
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
Smoldering Brimstone Pauldron
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
Smoldering Brimstone Gauntlets
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
Smoldering Brimstone Battle Belt
Armor forged in the Realm of Fire. Upgrade with Smoldering Embers to release its true potential.
Breastplate of Fallen Ash
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
Gauntlets of Fallen Ash
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
War Belt of Fallen Ash
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
Breastplate of Fallen Ash
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
Gauntlets of Fallen Ash
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
War Belt of Fallen Ash
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
Blazing Magma Pauldrons
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
Blazing Magma Wrappings
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
Blazing Magma War Belt
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
Blazing Magma Pauldrons
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
Blazing Magma Wrappings
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
Blazing Magma War Belt
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
Smoldering Brimstone Pauldron
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
Smoldering Brimstone Gauntlets
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
Smoldering Brimstone Battle Belt
Upgrade to increase Stats. Kindle the flames of Muspelheim from within.
Smoldering Brimstone Pauldron
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
Smoldering Brimstone Gauntlets
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
Smoldering Brimstone Battle Belt
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Muspelheim’s fires grow ever strong within this armor.
Smoldering Ember
Enkindled Ember
Blazing Ember
Muspelheim Steel Shard
Muspelheim Steel Chunk
Muspelheim Steel Ingot
Primordial Stone
Fire Ore
Eternal Obsidian
Track
Untrack
Breastplate of Fallen Ash
Gauntlets of Fallen Ash
War Belt of Fallen Ash
Blazing Magma Pauldrons
Blazing Magma Wrappings
Blazing Magma War Belt
Smoldering Brimstone Pauldron
Smoldering Brimstone Gauntlets
Smoldering Brimstone Battle Belt
Mist Echoes
Niflheim Alloy
Haze Weave
Aesirbane
Ivaldi’s Rusted Armor
Primordial Gauntlet
Primordial Legguards
Primordial Pauldron
Primordial Wraps
Primordial Sash
Primordial Shoulderpads
Primordial Bracers
Primordial Waistguard
Ivaldi’s Cuirass of Endless Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Endless Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Endless Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s Spaulders of Cursed Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s Bracers of Cursed Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Cursed Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s Pauldron of Deadly Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Deadly Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Deadly Mist
Mist Echoes imbue this armor with great power, and increases your resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Ivaldi’s Cuirass of Endless Mist
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Endless Mist
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Endless Mist
Ivaldi’s Cuirass of Endless Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Endless Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Endless Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s Cuirass of Endless Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Endless Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Endless Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Ivaldi’s Spaulders of Cursed Mist
Ivaldi’s Bracers of Cursed Mist
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Cursed Mist
Ivaldi’s Spaulders of Cursed Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s Bracers of Cursed Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Cursed Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s Spaulders of Cursed Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Ivaldi’s Bracers of Cursed Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Cursed Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Ivaldi’s Pauldron of Deadly Mist
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Deadly Mist
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Deadly Mist
Ivaldi’s Pauldron of Deadly Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Deadly Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Deadly Mist
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse hungers for more power.
Ivaldi’s Pauldron of Deadly Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Deadly Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Deadly Mist
Fully upgrade to increase Stats. Ivaldi’s Curse is no match for this armor.
Compare
Surtr’s Grip of Flame
Low Perk activation chance to grant Wrath of Flame on any successful hit. Wrath of Flame greatly increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH, restores a small amount of Health, and fires a wave of energy on normal attacks.
Mistbourne
Low Perk activation chance to grant Healing Mist on any successful hit. Healing Mist regenerates Health and increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Sinmara’s Cinder
Summon a raging Muspelheim maelstrom that prevents Kratos’s attacks from being interrupted, reduces the amount of damage he takes, and inflicts normal and BURN damage to all nearby enemies.
Hvergelmir Stone
Summon a cleansing fog that restores a small amount of Health, and increases the amount of time Kratos can stay in the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Surtr’s Sword Hilt Fragment
Frozen Élivágar Shard
Sinmara’s Cinder Shard
Hvergelmir Stone Fragment
Sheathed in Primordial Flame
Craft the Armor of Muspelheim
Bring the Burning Tablet to Brok or Sindri
We found a tablet in Muspelheim that references armor the Fire Giants of the realm used to wear. The tablet contained instructions on how to make it but it seems pretty complicated to craft armor from another realm. We need to bring Brok and Sindri materials from Muspelheim if we want to make it.
Ivaldi’s Protection
Find materials to craft Ivaldi’s armor
Give Ivaldi’s armor to Sindri
We found the armor set Sindri spoke of, but it’s too worn down and small for us to use. We’ll see what Sindri can do with it.
Damage
Runic
Stun
Impact
Range
GemAttribute6
Kneel Before Thor!
Find the Location from the Scroll
Find the Location From the Scroll
I’ve lived to serve the god of thunder and I bury my greatest treasure right where all inhabitants of Midgard should dwell: at the feet of the God of gods.
Alchemist’s Ring
The Mason’s Channel
The Dusk Veil
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Breastplate
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Gauntlets
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Waist Guard
Breastplate of the Dvegræðikr, crafted by Brok. Rare metals favor [Icons:LUCK] LUCK and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Gauntlets of the Dvegræðikr, crafted by Brok. Rare metals favor [Icons:LUCK] LUCK and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Waist guard of the Dvegræðikr, crafted by Brok. Rare metals favor [Icons:LUCK] LUCK and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Breastplate
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Gauntlets
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Waist Guard
Breastplate of the Dvegræðikr, crafted by Sindri. Rare metals favor [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Gauntlets of the Dvegræðikr, crafted by Sindri. Rare metals favor [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Waist guard of the Dvegræðikr, crafted by Sindri. Rare metals favor [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Ultimate Sacrifice
Screams of the Innocent
Dragons’ Fury
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Týr’s Lost Unity Belt
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Týr’s Lost Unity Gauntlets
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Týr’s Lost Unity Cuirass
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Týr’s Lost Unity Belt
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Týr’s Lost Unity Gauntlets
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Týr’s Lost Unity Cuirass
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Belt of the Ancients
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Gauntlet of the Ancients
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Pauldron of the Ancients
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Belt of the Ancients
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Gauntlet of the Ancients
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Pauldron of the Ancients
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
War Belt of the Traveler
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Gauntlets of the Traveler
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Breastplate of the Traveler
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
War Belt of the Traveler
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Gauntlets of the Traveler
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Breastplate of the Traveler
Gunnr’s Helmet
Göndul’s Helmet
Geirdriful’s Helmet
Kara’s Helmet
Ròta’s Helmet
Eir’s Helmet
Hildr’s Helmet
Olrun’s Helmet
Traveler’s Armor Shard
Ancient’s Rubble
Justice and War
Craft Týr’s Armor
Bring Týr’s Offering to Brok or Sindri
Mother always said Týr was among the most beloved of the gods. Mortals would sail from all over the world to visit his temple and bring him offerings. It seems as if the spirits we’ve met in the Lake of Nine were among those who worshiped the god of law and heroism. These offerings are really nice, I bet Brok or his brother could turn them into something useful like armor.
The Road Less Traveled
Craft the Traveler’s Armor
Visit Brok or Sindri
Travelers are some of the most powerful and well armored enemies we’ve fought on our journey. The last one we fought left behind a shard of their armor. I would bet Brok or Sindri could use this to craft an armor set for us. In fact, I bet they could build one that’s even stronger than the armor the Travelers themselves wear.
Hearts of Stone
Craft the Ancient’s Armor
Bring the Ancient’s Heart to Brok or Sindri
After our battle with the Ancient, its heart remained. Someone might mistake it for just a chunk of rock, but it pulses with magic. Father and I should bring this to Brok or Sindri. Something this hard and powerful is sure to be a useful ingredient in an armor crafting recipe.
Weakened!
Whirling Storm
Block Break
Agile Strike
While evading, Hold [JoystickL] forward and Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a quick axe attack.
Double Tap [BlockButton] to break an enemy’s block.
While Bare-Handed and evading, Hold [JoystickL] forward and Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a quick attack.
Superior Resurrection Stone
Berserker’s Resurrection Stone
Simple Resurrection Stone
A magical stone that revives Kratos from death with a small amount of Health. Press [SonActionButton] when Kratos dies to allow Atreus to resurrect him and rejoin the fight. Only one Resurrection Stone can be carried at a time.
Exchange Simple Resurrection Stone
Sell back a Simple Resurrection Stone
Superior Resurrection Stone
A magical stone that revives Kratos from death with a large amount of Health. Press [SonActionButton] when Kratos dies to allow Atreus to resurrect him and rejoin the fight. Only one Resurrection Stone can be carried at a time.
Exchange Superior Resurrection Stone
Sell back a Superior Resurrection Stone
Berserker’s Resurrection Stone
A magical stone that revives Kratos from death with full Rage and a small amount of Health. Press [SonActionButton] when Kratos dies to allow Atreus to resurrect him and rejoin the fight. Only one Resurrection Stone can be carried at a time.
Exchange Berserker’s Resurrection Stone
Sell back a Berserker’s Resurrection Stone
Zoom
Move
I
II
III
IV
V
VI
Otr’s Imprisonment
Free the Dragon, Otr
Destroy shrines binding Otr
Dragon Shrines Destroyed: %d of %d \n
I had heard whispers of a Dwarf King who was capturing dragons. I didn’t think it was possible until we found one chained by three magic shrines. I know they can be dangerous, but it just feels so wrong to keep them chained up. The three shrines in the area are what is keeping Otr in captivity. We’ll have to avoid him and break those shrines if we want to set him free.
The Fire of Reginn
Free the Dragon, Reginn
Destroy shrines binding Reginn
Dragon Shrines Destroyed: %d of %d \n
The dragon Reginn, brother of Fáfnir and Otr. He’s bound by these magic chains, but we should be able to free him if we break the three shrines. The stories say Reginn was once a Dwarf and a great blacksmith. Too bad he can’t craft us some armor.
Dragon Shrines Destroyed: %d of %d
Return to the Anchor
Now that the three seals are broken, I think I can free the dragon if we go back to the anchor.
Use or sell your current stone before buying a new one.
The Flight of Fáfnir
Free the Dragon, Fáfnir
Destroy shrines binding Fáfnir
Dragon Shrines Destroyed: %d of %d \n
Fáfnir… I’ve heard the name before. Son of a Dwarf King, guardian of his treasure, cursed by Andvari. If we want to free him, we’ll have to break the three shrines that bind him. I know dragons are dangerous, but it seems like Fáfnir has been through a lot.
Dragon Shrines Destroyed: %d of %d
Return to the anchor
The three shrines are destroyed, but we’ll have to go back to the anchor point to free Fáfnir.
Dragon Shrines Destroyed: %d of %d
Return to the anchor
The three seals are broken but there’s one last step. If we return to the anchor that held the chains, we should be able to free Otr.
Close Realm Tears
Great Challenge Awaits
Close 20 Realm Tears
Realm Tears Closed: %d of %d \n
Clear out enemies lurking inside Realm Tears and seal them up.
Realm Tears Closed: %d of %d
Hunter-Killer II
Increases the maximum number of targets to 5.
Hunter-Killer III
Increases the maximum number of targets to 8.
Precision Frost Burst
Precision Throw Combo now creates a massive explosion on impact.
Countering Strike
Press [LightAttackButton] after a last-second block to counter the attack with a powerful shield strike.
Countering Crush
Press [HeavyAttackButton] after a last-second block to counter the attack with a shield slam.
Countering Blast
Blocking a projectile attack at the last second absorbs the impact and redirects a projectile back towards the attacker.
Double Whirlwind
Unlock a second, follow-up [LightAttackButton] combo attack while in the switched stance.
Raging Whirlwind
Unlock a third and final [LightAttackButton] attack while in the switched stance.
Whirlwind Fury
Switch stances by pausing momentarily after any Leviathan Axe attack. Once in new stance, Press [HeavyAttackButton], [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a heavy ranged combo.
Guardian’s Judgement
Press [HeavyAttackButton] after performing the Guardian’s Justice shield slam to add a concussive blast to the attack that inflicts a massive amount of STUN damage on enemies.
Evasive Storm
While evading, Hold [JoystickL] back and Press [LightAttackButton] for a quick boomerang throw.
Dwarven Favor
Wayward Spirits
Time Heals All
Let the spirit in Fáfnir’s Storeroom know how his son died
Return to Fáfnir’s storeroom
We found a scroll written by the son of the spirit who was stabbed in his back. His son actually felt really bad about what he did, and it ended up costing him his life. That spirit was still stuck in this realm, maybe we should go tell him about this and see if he can find some peace.
The High Council
Bring the Valkyrie Helms to the Council
Go to the Valkyrie High Council
Eight Valkyries. All we have to do is find them, defeat them, collect their helmets, and take them to the High Council. These may be the toughest enemies we’ve faced yet.
Storm of the Elks
Summons a spectral elk that discharges destructive energy as it walks.
Boar Stampede
Summons a stampede of spectral boars that trample enemies in their path.
Bitter Squirrel
Summons a spectral squirrel, Ratatoskr, to unearth consumables.
Murder of Crows
Summons a murder of crows that swarms enemies.
Falcons’ Dive
Summons a cast of spectral falcons that dive into the ground.
Track
Untrack
Reaver Tunic
Reaver Forearm Bands
Reaver Belt
Reaver Tunic
Reaver Forearm Bands
Reaver Belt
Arcane Shoulder Wraps
Arcane Bracers
Arcane Waist Guard
Arcane Shoulder Wraps
Arcane Bracers
Arcane Waist Guard
Boar Hide Shoulder Guard
Boar Hide Bracers
Boar Hide Belt
Boar Hide Shoulder Guard
Boar Hide Bracers
Boar Hide Belt
Viken Tunic
Viken Bracers
Viken Waist Guard
Viken Tunic
Viken Bracers
Viken Waist Guard
Runic Scaled Spaulders
Runic Forearm Bracers
Runic War Belt
Runic Scaled Spaulders
Runic Forearm Bracers
Runic War Belt
Wolfskin Shoulder Guard
Wolfskin Bracers
Wolfskin Waist Guard
Wolfskin Shoulder Guard
Wolfskin Bracers
Wolfskin Waist Guard
Defender’s Cuirass
Defender’s Arm Guards
Defender’s Waist Guard
Defender’s Cuirass
Defender’s Arm Guards
Defender’s Waist Guard
Plated Pauldrons of Focus
Scaled Bracers of Focus
Scaled Waist Guard of Focus
Plated Pauldrons of Focus
Scaled Bracers of Focus
Scaled Waist Guard of Focus
Metal-Plated Shoulder Guard
Metal-Plated Bracers
Metal-Plated Waist Guard
Metal-Plated Shoulder Guard
Metal-Plated Bracers
Metal-Plated Waist Guard
Plated Völunder Cuirass
Plated Völunder Gauntlets
Plated Völunder Waist Guard
Plated Völunder Cuirass
Plated Völunder Gauntlets
Plated Völunder Waist Guard
Runic Wyrmskin Pauldrons
Plated Runeweaver Bracers
Runeweaver War Belt
Runic Wyrmskin Pauldrons
Plated Runeweaver Bracers
Runeweaver War Belt
Dwarven Runic Pauldron
Dwarven Runic Gauntlets
Dwarven Runic War Belt
Dwarven Runic Pauldron
Dwarven Runic Gauntlets
Dwarven Runic War Belt
Mythic Pauldrons of Protection
Ornate Bracers of Protection
Plated Waist Guard of Protection
Mythic Pauldrons of Protection
Ornate Bracers of Protection
Plated Waist Guard of Protection
Mythic Pauldrons of Clarity
Mythic Bracers of Clarity
Mythic War Belt of Clarity
Mythic Pauldrons of Clarity
Mythic Bracers of Clarity
Mythic War Belt of Clarity
Pauldron of the True Warrior
Gauntlets of the True Warrior
Waist Guard of the True Warrior
Pauldron of the True Warrior
Gauntlets of the True Warrior
Waist Guard of the True Warrior
Ornate Pauldrons of Vigor
Mythic Gauntlets of Vigor
Mythic Battle Belt of Vigor
Ornate Pauldrons of Vigor
Mythic Gauntlets of Vigor
Mythic Battle Belt of Vigor
Pauldrons of the World Serpent
Bracers of the World Serpent
War Belt of the World Serpent
Pauldrons of the World Serpent
Bracers of the World Serpent
War Belt of the World Serpent
Mythic Pauldron of Arcane Might
Mythic Gauntlets of Arcane Might
Mythic War Belt of Arcane Might
Mythic Pauldron of Arcane Might
Mythic Gauntlets of Arcane Might
Mythic War Belt of Arcane Might
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Fully upgrade to increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Fully upgrade to increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Fully upgrade to increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add another Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add another Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
The Boat Captain’s Key
Njörd’s Oarsmen
Gameplay Settings
Valkyries Freed: %d of %d
Defeat the remaining Valkyries
Valkyries Defeated: %d of %d
\n
The last Valkyrie we fought told us that there are 8 sisters. Now that we know how many there are, we should find the rest and kill, er… free them.
Place the 8 Helms
Helms Placed: %d of %d
\n
Now that we’ve found the Valkyrie High Council, we should put these Helms in the right seats
Helmets Placed: %d of %d
Summons an additional cast of falcons.
Summons 2 additional casts of falcons.
Increases duration and range of the elk’s energy.
Greatly increases duration and range of the elk’s energy.
Summons an additional wolf.
Summons 2 additional wolves.
Ratatoskr unearths an extra consumable.
Ratatoskr unearths 2 extra consumables.
Increases duration and summons 9 total crows.
Greatly increases duration and summons 12 total crows.
Summons an additional stampede of boars.
Summons 2 additional stampedes of boars.
Increases the number of rotations by holding down [LightAttackButton] and adds a small whirlwind effect.
Further increases the number of rotations by holding down [LightAttackButton]. Also increases the size and strength of the whirlwind effect around Kratos.
Increases attack severity and inflicts STUN damage.
Further increases STUN damage inflicted and grants the ability to quickly cancel the attack.
Holding [LightAttackButton] charges up the attack, increasing its range.
Greatly increases FROST damage and decreases charge time.
Hold [HeavyAttackButton] to charge up to 3 FROST damage waves.
Greatly increases the FROST damage of all waves.
Hold [LightAttackButton] to charge up to 3 FROST damage waves.
Greatly increases the amount of FROST damage per wave.
Greatly increases the duration of the lingering spin attack.
Further increases the duration of the lingering spin attack, and causes a massive explosion on the follow-up slam.
Increases the duration of the hazard.
Further increases the duration and size of the hazard.
Increases the amount of slam attacks by mashing [HeavyAttackButton]
Greatly increases the amount of slam attacks by mashing [HeavyAttackButton]
Unlocks an additional follow-up attack by Pressing [HeavyAttackButton] after the initial slam.
Greatly increases the radius and FROST damage of the initial slam attack.
Inflicts FROST damage to all enemies caught in the Leviathan’s path.
Increases the FROST damage inflicted to enemies, and increases the size of the explosion on impact with any enemy or surface.
Increases the number of enemies the axe will seek out.
Further increases the number of enemies the axe will seek out while increasing the amount of STUN damage inflicted.
Increases the amount of FROST damage, as well as the length of the beam.
Greatly increases the amount of FROST damage, as well as the duration of the beam.
Press [HeavyAttackButton] or [LightAttackButton] to perform a shield slam follow-up.
Greatly increases the effects of the shield slam.
Greatly increases the range of the ice shards.
Launches 2 additional lines of ice shards, greatly increasing the width of the attack.
Increases damage inflicted by the area-of-effect attack.
Inflicts a small amount of FROST damage on every hit.
Increases duration and bonus to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and normal attacks.
Greatly increases duration and bonus to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and normal attacks.
Runic Summon
Increases the duration and damage of the attack, as well as the total number of hits.
Greatly increases the duration and damage of the attack, as well as the total number of hits.
Inflicts a small amount of BURN damage, and slightly increases the radius of the explosion.
Greatly increases the BURN damage inflicted and the radius of the explosion.
Pressing [HeavyAttackButton] after the first wave slams down a second wave.
Pressing [HeavyAttackButton] after the first and second waves slams down a third wave.
Holding [HeavyAttackButton] charges up and creates a more powerful finishing slam.
Increases the power of the final slam.
Greatly increases the size of the pillar of flame.
Doubles the number of possible targets from 4 to 8.
Increases the duration, and adds a small bonus to normal attacks while active.
Further increases the duration, adds a bonus to normal attacks while active, and increases the speed of Kratos’s attacks by a small amount.
Increases the size of the blast, and inflicts a small amount of STUN damage.
Greatly increases the size of the blast and the amount of STUN damage inflicted.
A slash attack that protects Kratos by pushing away all nearby enemies.
Wrath of Artemis
Pressing [LightAttackButton] again after the first slash performs a second criss-cross attack that launches enemies into the air.
Inflicts a large amount of STUN and BURN damage on the second attack.
Icarus Storm
A spinning attack that hits all enemies along its path.
Throws out the Blades of Chaos while spinning, greatly increasing the range of the attack.
Inflicts a moderate amount of BURN damage on every hit.
Inflicts a small amount of BURN damage on every hit.
Greatly increases the radius and impact of the final slam attack.
Greatly increases the size of the explosion.
Leaves behind a small hazard that inflicts BURN damage to enemies.
On my last voyage, my ship was ravaged by Thor’s thunder and storms. I had given up hope when the gentle wind of Njörd parted the dark clouds and filled my sails. I have hidden my treasure up high where I can forever row with Njörd’s Oarsmen.
With the Boat Captain in the belly of the Hydra, the key was mine! I traveled to a new land, but my ship wrecked and sunk along with my precious key. It lies just below the waves, perched on an underwater peak.
Inflicts a small amount of BURN damage on every hit.
Adds an incredibly powerful slam attack that creates a large explosion.
Spinning Chaos Strike
While evading, Hold [JoystickL] forward and Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a leaping spin attack.
Retreating Slash
While evading, Hold [JoystickL] back and Press [LightAttackButton] to attack all enemies in a large radius.
Elemental Charge
After impaling an enemy with the Spear of Chaos attack, Hold [LightAttackButton] to send a charge of energy down the chain, launching the enemy into the air.
Chaotic Frenzy
Stance Attack Light Combo III
Increases the number of strikes in the Chaotic Rampage attack.
Adds a powerful finisher to the Chaotic Rampage attack.
Elemental Surge
After impaling an enemy with the Spear of Chaos attack, Hold [LightAttackButton] to send an Elemental wave of energy down the chain, blasting and launching the enemy into the air.
Spartan Charge
A dash attack that slams enemies with a fiery shield and inflicts a small amount of BURN damage.
Applies a final explosive blast to the slam attack, and greatly increases the BURN damage inflicted.
Pressing [HeavyAttackButton] after dashing performs a Shield Slam follow up that launches enemies into the air.
Axe Upgrade V
Increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and makes new Leviathan Axe Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Axe Upgrade VI
Tunic of Hope
Fashioned from leather and wolf hide. A gift from Atreus’s mother.
Magma Shield
Aura of Fire
Protection of Muspelheim
Aura of Darkness
Mists of Niflheim
Salvation of Niflheim
Protection of the Valkyrie
Storm of Frost
Protection of the Warrior
Elemental Shielding
Retaliation of Fire
Protection of Niflheim
Investigate the glowing statue
We boated out of the Witch’s Cave and found a huge lake. There are some half submerged statues, but that one that is glowing in the distance looks particularly interesting.
High Perk activation chance to grant Protective Barrier, preventing damage from enemy attacks, on any successful parry.
Duelist’s Protective Barrier
Berserker’s Defense
Very low Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE when damage is taken.
Slayer’s Cooldown
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful kill.
Cleaving Focus
Cleaving Restoration
Cleaving Rage
High chance to gain a burst of Health on a successful Executioner’s Cleave.
High Perk activation chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful Executioner’s Cleave.
High chance to gain a burst of Rage on a successful Executioner’s Cleave.
Investigate the temple and bridge
As if that whole thing with the Witch wasn’t crazy enough, THE WORLD SERPENT rose up from the lake and talked to us. Not only that, but he is so big, that coming up made the water level for the lake drop. Now there is a giant temple in the middle of the lake, we should take a look.
Talk to Brok
We met a Dwarf, he says he can help us on our journey. Father has never been one for new friends, but I think we should talk to him.
Gullveig’s Pelvis
Free the chain
We’re going to have to get creative if we want to get out of this cave. There is a chain, a pulley, a platform, and a claw. Let’s start by freeing that chain.
Continue towards the mountain
We met another Dwarf—Brok’s brother Sindri. He knew Mother, so he offered to improve the axe they made her. We’ll have her ashes to the mountain soon now!
Grip of Völunder
Very low Perk activation chance to grant Protective Barrier, preventing damage from enemy attacks, on any successful axe hit.
Blightbringer
Low Perk activation chance to strike with an explosive curse that inflicts WEAKNESS to enemies on any successful hit.
Grip of the Maze
Very high Perk activation chance to restore some protection against the Cursed Mist of Niflheim on any successful kill. Passively grants resistance to the Cursed Mist.
Valkyrie10
Queen
Burning Stone Tablet
Return to the Realm Travel Room
Let’s see what the Realm Travel Room looks like upside down!
Forest Exit
Fáfnir’s Storeroom Entrance
Witch’s Cave Upper Level
Create a random rare Enchantment used to modify armor.
Lost Toy Display Case Trophy
Find a way to ascend
Almost there, cant be much farther now. Just have to put it all together and find a way up.
New Mystic Gateway discovered
Press [LightAttackButton] to swing the Leviathan Axe.
Hold [JoystickL] down then Press [L3]\nto perform a Quick Turn.
You have acquired Light Arrows.\nShoot them at Light Crystals to infuse them with Alfheim Light.
Press [AxeRecallButton] to recall the axe.
Double Tap [BlockButton] to break an enemy’s block.
Double Tap [EvadeButton] while moving to roll.\nUse [JoystickL] and Press [L3] to sprint.
Press [RightButton] to equip the Leviathan Axe.
Press [SonActionButton] to command Atreus\nto shoot arrows.
Hold [JoystickL] forward, then Press [L3] to sprint.
Press [UpButton] to switch arrow types.
You are frozen! Mash [InteractButton] to escape!
Press [InteractButton] to enter boat.
Use [JoystickL] to steer the boat.
Use [JoystickL] to move.
Use [JoystickR] to look around.\nPress [StartButton] to access Camera Settings.
Press [InteractButton] to drop down.
Press [InteractButton] to jump gaps.
Hold [JoystickL] forward and Press [InteractButton] to vault over objects.
Press [InteractButton] to climb the chain.
Press [InteractButton] to boost Atreus up.
Press [SonActionButton] to command Atreus to drop the chain.
Press [InteractButton] to squeeze through the opening.
Press [InteractButton] to crawl into the opening.
The door up there, it looks like the way out.
Press [L3] and [R3] to break out!
You have acquired Mimir’s Eye.
Key Found.
Key Placed.
The door requires two keys.
Hold [BlockButton] to block.
Use [JoystickL] to dodge right.
Press [LightAttackButton] to attack.
Press [L2Button] to perform a RAGE THROW. (Costs 1 meter)
Press [L3] + [R3] to activate Spartan Rage.
Build Rage by dealing or taking damage.
Press [InteractButton] to walk across the ledge.
Hold [JoystickL] to pull down the chain.
Press [R3] near STUNNED enemies to perform a Stun Grab.
The Revenant has frozen you. Mash [InteractButton] to escape.
Press [InteractButton] to return to the Lake of Nine.
You have claimed a Valkyrie Helm.
Press [SonActionButton] to command Atreus.
Intact crystals are not destroyed when vibrated and can be activated more than once.
You need more keys to unlock the chest.
You found a special key.
Chest is unlocked!
Atreus: There must be a way to move that sandbowl around here.
Atreus: Hmmm… that doesn't seem to be right.
Atreus: Retrograde! The seasons in reverse!
Press [SonActionButton] to command Atreus.
Press [InteractButton] to lift hand.
Press [InteractButton] to climb chisel.
Hold [AimButton] to aim at the magical orb. Press [LightAttackButton] to destroy it.
Press [R3] to kill the Bridge Keeper
Press [LightAttackButton] to slice open the Guardian’s chest.
Mash [LightAttackButton] to pry open the Guardian’s chest.
The Compass near the top of the screen will point to the next objective.
This door is locked.
Pick up Healthstones to replenish Health.
Trap is set and will begin generating resources.
You do not possess the ability to remove this obstruction at this time.
You do not have this ability at this time.
Event Failed!
Event Complete!
This door is locked with runic magic. Find and break the seals to unlock it.
This chest is locked with runic magic. Find and break the seals to unlock it.
This is locked with runic magic. Find and break the seals to unlock it.
Hel’s Bramble can be burned by the Blades of Chaos.
Hold [AimButton] to aim at the Winds of Hel.
Press [LightAttackButton] to capture the Winds of Hel.
Winds of Hel are very unstable and can only be held for\n10 seconds before returning to the last wind trap.
Hold [AimButton] then Press [LightAttackButton] to\ntransfer the Winds of Hel.
Capture then transfer the Winds of Hel to power devices.
Atreus is incapacitated! He cannot help you in combat unless he recovers. Hold [SonActionButton] next to him to expedite his recovery!
Atreus Incapacitated
The water can hold unique treasures. Look for floating bodies, or anything unusual in the water.
Enemies will drop valuable resources.
Collect 3 Iðunn Apples to upgrade Kratos’s max Health.
Ahead and to the right is a Mystic Gateway. Use Mystic Gateways around the world to return to Brok’s Shop.
Mystic Gateways
Find Healthstones to restore your Health.
Explore the world to find valuable resources.
Artifacts can be sold at the Shop for Hacksilver. Complete the set for [EconomyXP] bonuses.
Hold [AimButton] and use [JoystickR]\nto help Atreus aim at the deer.
Hold [AimButton] to steady your focus.
When target is aligned\nPress [SonActionButton] to shoot an arrow.
Use [JoystickL] and [JoystickR] to help Kratos find the right locations.
Find the Binding Point with [JoystickL] then Press [HeavyAttackButton] to strike.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
Hold [AimButton] to aim at the gear.\nWhile aiming, Press [LightAttackButton] to throw the Leviathan Axe into the gear.
Press [AxeRecallButton] to recall the Leviathan Axe.\nPress [InteractButton] to grab the chain.\nUse [JoystickL] to pull open the gate.
Hold [AimButton] to aim and Press [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton] to throw the Leviathan Axe.
Hold [AimButton] to aim.
Press [LightAttackButton] for Light Attack.\nPress [HeavyAttackButton] for Heavy Attack.
Hold [BlockButton] to block.\nHold [JoystickL] in any direction while Pressing [EvadeButton] to dodge.
Hold [AimButton] to aim.\nPress [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton] to throw the axe.\nPress [AxeRecallButton] to recall the axe.
Throw the axe or Press [RightButton] to enter Bare-Handed Mode.
Press [R3] to grab STUNNED enemies.
Press [DownButton] to equip the Bifröst.\n\nHold [AimButton] to enter aiming mode.\n\nWhile aiming, Press [SonActionButton] to fire.
Atreus’s arrows need time to recharge.\n\nArrow count is indicated at bottom right corner of the screen.
Press [SonActionButton] to fire an arrow at enemies.\n Aim at weak points to do extra damage.
You can destroy World Tree Sap obstacles by combining Shatter Crystals with electric energy.
To pick up a Shatter Crystal Press [InteractButton] near a broken World Tree root.\n Hold [AimButton] and Press [LightAttackButton] to throw it.
You have acquired Shock Arrows.\nShoot them at Shatter Crystals to destroy nearby World Tree Sap obstacles.
Press [SonActionButton] to command Atreus to\nshoot a Shock Arrow.
Use [JoystickL] to climb.
After dodging Press [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton]\nto counter-attack.
[LightAttackButton] - Attack\n[BlockButton] - Counter
[LightAttackButton] - Attack.\n[BlockButton] - Block.\n[JoystickL] - Dodge.
Press [L3] + [R3] to activate RAGE MODE. (Costs 2 meters)\nHold [L2Button] to perform a RAGE THROW. (Costs 1 meter)
Press [InteractButton] to pick up Shatter Crystals.\nHold [AimButton] then Press [LightAttackButton] to throw.
Throwable crystals only stick to the icy red speckled vibrate material. \nShoot the crystal with your Bifröst when it’s near the red speckled material to destroy it.
Hint: When time itself is disarrayed \nThe forward path is retrograde.
Press [BlockButton] to block. \nUse [JoystickR] to rotate.
Use [JoystickL] to pull the chain.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
[JoystickL] Move Forward/Backward.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
LEVEL OBJECTIVE: Ascend the caves of Peaks Pass to get to the \n Mountain Summit and release the ashes of the boy’s mother.
[EconomyXP] Acquired
Press [StartButton] to get to the Inventory Screen. \n \n Scroll to BRACER category. \n \n Press X BUTTON to SELECT new bracer.
Wrist Armor Acquired
Press [StartButton] to get to the Inventory Screen. \n \n Scroll to Waist Armor category. \n \n Press [XButton] to SELECT new Waist Armor.
Waist Armor Acquired
Press [StartButton] to get to the Inventory Screen.\n\nScroll to the Talisman category.\n\nPress [AdvanceButton] to select a new Talisman.
Talisman Acquired
Press [StartButton] to open the Inventory Screen \n-Select the Weapons Tab\n-Select Runic Attack: Light\n-Press [XButton] to Equip
Runic Attack Acquired
Hold [BlockButton] then Press [LightAttackButton]\nto perform a Light Runic Attack.
Runic Attack Acquired
Strike enemies with the Leviathan Axe without taking damage to build Permafrost.\n\nFROSTED enemies move slowly and are extremely vulnerable to attack.
Permafrost Unlocked
Pommels apply Stat bonuses and Perks to your weapon while equipped.
They can be equipped via the Weapons tab.
Pommel Acquired
Ruins of the Ancient
temp beach ruin description
Council of Valkyries
Rǫcstóll aff Valkyr description
Unfinished Business
Light the braziers and speak to the spirits around the Lake of Nine
Explore the islands of the lake
Spirits Freed: %d of %d \n
Lighting the braziers on these islands attracts enemies, but it also gives wayward spirits a chance to ask for our help (and give us things we can use for our journey).
Spirits Freed: %d of %d
Go to Journal
Andvari’s Soul
No Gateway Points Available
Objectives
Chest Armor
Wrist Armor
Waist Armor
Atreus Armor
Trial I: Normal
Muspelheim Trial: Time Attack
Kill enemies before time runs out
Use all that you have learned to kill enemies quickly and efficiently. Kill all enemies before the time expires.
Curved Recovery Handle
Upgrade Curved Recovery Handle
Curved Recovery Handle
Curved Grip of Restoration
Upgrade Curved Grip of Restoration
Curved Grip of Restoration
Curved Grip of Fury
Curved Grip of Fury
Upgrade Curved Grip of Fury
High Perk activation chance to grant a Health Burst on any successful Executioner’s Cleave.
Weighted Grip of Restoration
Weighted Grip of Restoration
Weighted Grip of Restoration
Upgrade Weighted Grip of Restoration
Weighted Recovery Handle
High Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful Executioner’s Cleave.
Curved War Handle
Trial II: Normal
High Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on any successful precision throw.
Curved War Handle
Curved War Handle
Upgrade Curved War Handle
Weighted Recovery Handle
Weighted Recovery Handle
Upgrade Weighted Recovery Handle
Curved Runic Handle
Curved Runic Handle
Upgrade Curved Runic Handle
Muspelheim Trial: Survival
Deadly Grip of Vitality
Deadly Grip of Vitality
Upgrade Deadly Grip of Vitality
Survive for 5 minutes
Only the strong survive in Muspelheim. Survive the onslaught for 5 minutes to complete the trial.
Trial III: Normal
Muspelheim Trial: Shield Breaker
Kill grunts to break the Elite’s shield
The Dark Elf Elite is invulnerable until his allies are defeated. Defeat the allies to break his shield and then defeat the Elite.
Trial IV: Normal
Muspelheim Trial: 100 Enemy Challenge
Defeat 100 enemies
Your skills and endurance will be tested. Defeat 100 enemies, and whatever you do, don’t die!
Trial V: Normal
Muspelheim Trial: Time slips away…
Kill enemies to increase time
You will start this trial with a limited amount of time ticking away. Every kill you make will extend the timer. Kill all enemies before time runs out!
Trial VI: Impossible
Muspelheim Trial: Gauntlet VI
Defeat all enemies
Your final Trial: defeat all enemies and survive to the end.
Deadly Grip of Fury
Deadly Grip of Fury
Upgrade Deadly Grip of Fury
Weighted Runic Handle
High Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC on any successful Executioner’s Cleave.
Weighted Runic Handle
Weighted Runic Handle
Upgrade Weighted Runic Handle
High Perk activation chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on any successful Executioner’s Cleave.
Weighted War Handle
Weighted War Handle
Upgrade Weighted War Handle
Light Grip of Protection
High Perk activation chance to grant Protective Barrier, preventing damage from enemy attacks, after launching an enemy into the air.
Light Grip of Protection
Light Grip of Protection
Upgrade Light Grip of Protection
Light War Handle
High Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH after launching an enemy into the air.
Light War Handle
Light War Handle
Upgrade Light War Handle
Curved War Handle
Hilt of Swift Return
Outfits the Leviathan Axe with an Empowered Recall.
Grip of Tanngiost
Low Perk activation chance to strike with an explosion of lightning that inflicts SHOCK damage to all nearby enemies on any successful axe hit.
Worn Hilt of Restoration
Gain a small amount of Health anytime an enemy is hit with an attack.
Versatile Warrior’s Handle
Increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH, [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE, and [Icons:LUCK] LUCK. Upgrade to increase additional Stats.
Corrupted Runic Handle
Bonus to Runic Attacks, but slower cooldowns.
Gullinbursti Bristle II
Gullinbursti Bristle III
Gullinbursti Bristle IV
Upgrade Gullinbursti Bristle
Talisman of Resolute Might
Talisman of Resolute Protection
Grants a short boost to [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH when Kratos’s Health drops to a critical level.
Grants an invincible barrier for several seconds when Kratos’s Health drops to a critical level.
Talisman of Resolute Protection
Talisman of Resolute Protection
Talisman of Resolute Protection IV
Upgrade Talisman of Resolute Protection
Talisman of Resolute Might
Talisman of Resolute Might
Talisman of Resolute Might IV
Upgrade Talisman of Resolute Might
Enchanted Dust
Worn Hilt of Restoration II
Worn Hilt of Restoration III
Upgrade Worn Hilt of Restoration
Worn Hilt of the Blizzard II
Worn Hilt of the Blizzard III
Upgrade Ymir’s Breath
Worn Hilt of Fury II
Worn Hilt of Fury III
Upgrade Worn Hilt of Fury
Worn Hilt of the Storm II
Worn Hilt of the Storm III
Upgrade Worn Hilt of the Storm
Worn Hilt of Protection II
Worn Hilt of Protection III
Upgrade Worn Hilt of Protection
Hilt of Ultimate Destruction
Empowers the Finishing Blow of a Combo.
Forbidden Grip of the Ages
Forbidden Grip of the Ages
Upgrade Forbidden Grip of the Ages
Hidden Chamber of Odin
Versatile Warrior’s Handle
Versatile Warrior’s Handle
Upgrade Versatile Warrior’s Handle
Hidden Chamber of Odin
Hidden Chamber of Odin
Corrupted Runic Handle
Hidden Chamber of Odin
Corrupted Runic Handle
Upgrade Corrupted Runic Handle
Hidden Chamber of Odin
Hidden Chamber of Odin
Hidden Chamber
Surtr’s Grip of Flame
Surtr’s Grip of Flame
Upgrade Surtr’s Grip of Flame
Cursed Poison Handle
Cursed Poison Handle
Upgrade Cursed Poison Handle
Talisman of Eternal Fury
Gain a Rage Burst. Also has a PASSIVE EFFECT that increases the amount of Rage gained from combat as well as the duration of Spartan Rage.
Release a shockwave that inflicts a moderate amount of STUN damage to nearby enemies. Also has a PASSIVE EFFECT that restores a small amount of Health every time an enemy is Stun Grabbed.
Talisman of Rejuvenating Fury
Talisman of Unbound Potential
Refresh all Runic Attack cooldowns. Also has a PASSIVE EFFECT that increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC when a Runic Attack is on cooldown.
Talisman of Concentrated Vitality
Gain a burst of Health.
Golden Talisman of Protection
Activate immediately after being hit to recover faster. Also has a PASSIVE EFFECT that increases the timing window on parries, and greatly increases [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE when blocking.
Amulet of Kvasir
A last-second dodge activates Realm Shift, temporarily slowing down surrounding enemies. Upgrading this item increases the duration of Realm Shift.
Horn of Heimdall
Talisman of Betrayal
Talisman of Eternal Fury
Talisman of Eternal Fury
Upgrade Talisman of Eternal Fury
Talisman of Rejuvenating Fury
Talisman of Rejuvenating Fury
Upgrade Talisman of Rejuvenating Fury
Talisman of Unbound Potential
Talisman of Unbound Potential
Talisman of Unbound Potential IV
Upgrade Talisman of Unbound Potential
Talisman of Concentrated Vitality
Talisman of Concentrated Vitality
Talisman of Concentrated Vitality IV
Upgrade Talisman of Concentrated Vitality
Talisman of Merciful Resistance II
Talisman of Merciful Resistance III
Talisman of Merciful Resistance IV
Upgrade Talisman of Merciful Resistance
Talisman of Temporal Evasion
Talisman of Temporal Evasion
Talisman of Temporal Evasion IV
Upgrade Talisman of Temporal Evasion
Talisman of Absorbed Impact
Talisman of Absorbed Impact
Talisman of Absorbed Impact IV
Upgrade Talisman of Absorbed Impact
Talisman of Heightened Awareness II
Talisman of Heightened Awareness III
Talisman of Heightened Awareness IV
Upgrade Talisman of Heightened Awareness
Týr’s Talisman
Upgrade Týr’s Talisman
Sinmara’s Cinder
Sinmara’s Cinder
Upgrade Sinmara’s Cinder
Hvergelmir Stone
Hvergelmir Stone
Upgrade Hvergelmir Stone
Völunder Chasm
Landsuther Canyon
Northri Gorge
Armor
Moderate Perk activation chance to inflict concussive BURN damage to nearby enemies when damage is taken. Equip the complete Fallen Ash set to increase chance.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant Aura of Fire, increasing [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and restoring a small amount of Health, when damage is taken. Equip the complete Smoldering Brimstone set to increase chance.
Moderate Perk activation chance to create a fiery shield that inflicts BURN damage to enemies and prevents interruptions by attacks when damage is taken. Equip the complete Blazing Magma set to increase chance.
Dwarven Recipes
Blades Pommel
King’s Hollow
Veithurgard Pass
Fáfnir’s Ravine
Witch’s Cave
Search for more Valkyries
We managed to beat the Valkyrie we found, but it wasn’t easy. Her spirit spoke to us after we killed her and said we “freed” her. She asked us to help her sisters. If they’re anything like her… this is going to be a big challenge.
Arena 01
Arena 02
Arena 03
Arena 04
Arena 05
Arena 06
Explore the Realm Between Realms
We flipped the temple and found the Unity Stone, which Mimir says should let us go off the path when we’re walking on the World Tree in the Realm Between Realms. This is getting crazy… but if it gets us to Jötunheim, we’ve come too far to quit now!
Take the Unity Stone to the precipice
Hopefully this travel stone does the trick.
Blades of Chaos
Treasure Maps
Labors
Njörd’s Temporal Stone
Heart of Jötunheim
Muspelheim’s Eye of Power
Heart of Midgard
Fragmented Heart of Alfheim
Eye of Niflheim
Asgard’s Shard of Existence
Eye of the Outer Realm
Heart of Svartalfheim
Heart of Vanaheim
Hroðr’s Frozen Shard
Hymir’s Frozen Shard
Brilliant Blessing of Fire
Infinite Blessing of Fire
Heart of the Valkyrie
Glowing Gem of the Nine
Brilliant Mark of the Dragon
Brilliant Scale of the Chained
Týr’s Shard
Shard of the Traveler
Shard of the Elements
[SquareButton] Purchase
Blessing
Runic Attack
E
W
S
N
Cost
Current
The Mother’s Ashes
We are getting close.
Find Jötunheim’s highest peak
Mother asked us to scatter her ashes from the highest peak in all the realms, and we’re finally about to do it. Could she have known that wish would lead us here to Jötunheim, and everywhere else we’ve been..?
Scatter her ashes
Mother would be happy
The Journey Home
We’ve finished the path Mother set for us. Now what? Go home? Explore the world?
Return to Týr’s Temple
It was no accident Mom sent us to Jötunheim. She knew everything that was going to happen… everything that HAD to happen. Mother was a Giant.  The last “guardian” in Midgard. I guess she couldn’t tell us… but now she wanted us to know. She wanted me to see I have a destiny, but I’m not really sure what it all means yet. Maybe we’ll head home now, or maybe we’ll see who else needs our help. I’m ready for whatever is next.
Týr’s Bridge Interior
Týr’s Vault
Realm Travel Room
The Hall of Týr
I saw Thor come to our door! I guess it was just a scary dream, but it felt so real. If Mom knew the future, does that mean I can see it too? I don’t think the Aesir gods are done with us. But that’s a worry for another day. For now I’ll keep training, and learning from Father…. and he wants to go back out and help more people now! I think he’s still learning, too. This must be how Mom would have wanted it…
Explore the realms
Further Travels
Enduring Frost Blessings
Greatly increases the duration of the Blessings of the Frost Runic Attack.
Enduring Wrath of the Frost
Greatly increases the duration of the Wrath of the Frost Ancient Runic Attack.
Hel’s Runic
Using the Hel’s Touch Runic Attack grants a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Mists’ Strength
High Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH when using the Mists of Helheim Runic Attack.
Chilling Breath Enhancement
Increases the damage inflicted by the Breath of Thamur Runic Attack.
Aura of Weakness
Nearby enemies, within 15 meters, are WEAKENED.
Regenerating Essence
Adds a very small amount of constant Health regeneration. (Stacks up to 5 times max.)
Bridge Of The Damned
Helheim Landing
Skies of Helheim
Inside the Mountain
Now we just have to get to the top…
Artifacts Found
Valkyries
Escape from Helheim
Jötunheim is lost, and so are we unless we find a way out of Hel.
Favors Completed
Odin’s Ravens Killed
Boat Dock
Secret Chamber of Odin
Jötunheim Tower
The Witch of the Woods
Speak to the World Serpent
Return to Týr’s Temple to speak to the World Serpent
Complete
A mighty Giant made of frost and stone. Looks like he had a huge fight with Aesir and Vanir gods. He battles Thor… and it looks like they both lose.
“Hrungnir the Brawler”—a head of stone, but the mind of a child. Odin tricks him into getting drunk and rowdy in Asgard. Thor smashes his head, but he ends up crushed, and everybody laughs. Aesir are the worst.
This one’s confusing. Ymir’s the first Giant, and things spring from his body… not just other Giants, but wind, trees, sun… maggots that turn into Dwarves maybe? Then Odin kills him… but where did he come from?
So Ymir came from fire and ice, and all lands and creatures came from his flesh… including the Aesir, who then slew him to create “order” (in other words, to take control). The first Giant was Odin’s first victim…
Hrungnir
Ymir
Thamur
The greatest stone mason and one of the biggest Giants of all. He argues with his son Hrimthur, strikes him, and gets lost looking for him. Thor chisels Thamur in the head and crushes a whole town!
Thamur was building a wall around Jötunheim to protect Giants from the Aesir. Did it ever get finished?
Wolf-Giants! Sköll chases the Sun and Hati the Moon. What happens when they catch their prey? Looks like a massive fight—Odin, Thor, the World Serpent… could it be…?
Sköll and Hati
Ragnarök! Odin knows the prophecy and sent them anyway, cause Mimir says he’s always trying to control everything. Until then, they’re the “Bringers of Day and Night” that keep the Sun and Moon moving.
A legendary Giant huntress—one of Mother’s favorites. She could hunt birds, boars, deer, anything! Her father taught her how… but what happened to him…?
Skaði
Her father Thiazi could take the form of any creature. Odin got jealous and tricked Skaði into hunting an eagle that was Thiazi in disguise! Is she still out there somewhere, under the frozen mountains?
Bergelmir
A Giant King with many, MANY children. Looks like he arrived on a sea of blood, and when he died he left a sea of tears. Dead, but not murdered (for once).
Bergelmir and his queen survived the flood of Ymir’s blood, and founded Jötunheim. They did NOT seek revenge, except to live and see his kind prosper. “Bergelmir the Beloved”—a happy ending!
Gróa
A Giant Sorceress, and a powerful seer. Slain by Odin… did he steal her book of visions?
Called “The Knowledge Keeper”, Gróa was the first to have a vision of Ragnarök. She trusted Odin as a friend. BAD IDEA.
Jörmungandr
The World Serpent spans all the waters of Midgard… maybe the only one big enough to beat Thor? I still can’t believe we met him!
Now that I’ve heard Mimir talk to Jörmungandr in his ancient tongue, I wonder if I could figure out how to do it…
Odin plotted to destroy Starkaðr after hearing Mimir praise him as a potential leader of Giants. They spread rumors and gathered a mob, and when he surrendered to clear his name, Thor murdered him.
A Giant with eight arms, swinging four swords… until Thor chopped him up. Why did the gods gang up on him?
Starkaðr
Surtr
An ancient Fire Giant of Muspelheim. He forged a sword of fire, and fought—or will fight—Thor and Odin.
Prophecy says “Surtr the Brave” will die at Ragnarök but take Asgard with him. Mimir says it’s part of a grand cycle of death and rebirth, and Surtr accepts his fate.
Invert Vertical Control
Horizontal Rotation Speed
Vertical Rotation Speed
Aim Horizontal Sensitivity
Aim Vertical Sensitivity
Odin has prevented access to this realm\nThe travel rune will never work
Missing travel rune to access this realm
Fight off the Reavers
The road is full of monsters, dead men, and bad men who don’t stay dead. We need to keep moving and get to the mountain.
Realm Locked
Escape the ruins
The road is full of monsters, dead men, and bad men who don’t stay dead. We need to keep moving and get to the mountain.
Throw your axe at the trees
I know something is in those trees.
Find your Son
…
Winds of Hel
Hel’s Bramble
Block Break
Quick Turn
New Mystic Gateway to Brok discovered
RAGE THROW
Press [AxeRecallButton] to recall the axe.\nHold [AimButton] to aim.\nPress [LightAttackButton] to throw the axe.
Atreus’s arrows inflict STUN damage to enemies.\n\n The Stun Bar is located below the enemy Health Bar.
Press [RightButton] to equip the Leviathan Axe.\n\nHold [AimButton] and Press [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton] to throw the Leviathan Axe.
Throw the axe at Scorn Poles to freeze them.
You now have the Light Arrow ability.\nAim at the light crystal with [AimButton]\nPress [SonActionButton] to fire.
Crystal is ready to be activated.\nPress [SonActionButton] to fire Light Arrow.
Press [SonActionButton] to break grab (unless Atreus is knocked down).
Press [LightAttackButton] to attack.
Move [JoystickL] forward to realign the bridge.
Collect 3 Iðunn Apples to upgrade Kratos’s maximum Health.
You have collected 3 Iðunn Apples. Maximum Health increased.
Collect 3 Horns of Blood Mead to upgrade Kratos’s Maximum Rage.
You have collected 3 Horns of Blood Mead. Maximum Rage increased.
Continue to the mountain
I can see the mountain from here!
Realm Unavailable
Camera
Aim Camera
Combat Camera
Aim Friction Strength
Strafe Assist
Zoom Snap
Strafe Assist Focus Type
Cleansing Fog
Protection of Niflheim
Greatly increases resistance to the Cursed Mist of Niflheim. (Stacks with any other resistances to the Cursed Mist.)
Lesser Protection of Niflheim
Slightly increases duration of protection against the Cursed Mist of Niflheim. (Stacks up to 6 times max.)
Revenge of Niflheim
High Perk activation chance to restore some protection against the Cursed Mist of Niflheim on any successful kill.
Precision of Niflheim
High Perk activation chance to restore some protection against the Cursed Mist of Niflheim on any successful precision throw.
Niflheim’s Executioner
High Perk activation chance to restore some protection against the Cursed Mist of Niflheim on any successful Executioner’s Cleave.
Niflheim’s Defense
High Perk activation chance to restore some protection against the Cursed Mist of Niflheim on any successful parry.
Infinite Focus
Infinite Focus
Perfect Artifact of the Blight
Ivaldi’s Workshop
Adds an explosion of FROST damage on impact.
Shortens charge time.
Increases resistance to interruption during this attack.
Inflicts additional FROST damage during this attack.
Adds a concussive blast that inflicts additional STUN damage.
Collect Mist Echoes and bring them to Sindri to progress further into Niflheim
Enter the center chamber
Sindri says he can craft us an Entry Stone to access the central chamber, but he needs “Mist Echoes” to do it. Seems like we can only find this stuff in Niflheim, so we better get looking.
Additional Bonus
Dragon’s Fury
HOLD [SonActionButton] to summon a Dragon to fight with you.
The Dragon will attack an additional time.
The Dragon will slam the ground as a final attack.
Find a way to the Light
We actually traveled to Alfheim, a whole other realm! But the Witch vanished—I hope she’s okay! Now we have to find the light that lets us fill the Bifröst, so we can get back to Midgard and use it against the Black Breath.
Adds a medium-range concussive blast that inflicts additional STUN damage.
Ivaldi’s Curse
Seal the realm tears and report back to Sindri
Seal the three realm tears
Tears Sealed: %d of %d
There are three realm tears in Niflheim. We’ll have to seal all three and do it before this poison kills us. Guess we’ll see what’s more dangerous: the Cursed Mist or the monsters that come out of these tears.
Tears Sealed: %d of %d
Bare-Handed
Stun Grab
Arrow Toggle
Scorn Pole
Artifacts
Corrupted Remnant
A mystic remnant of a soul lost at sea. Used to upgrade the Versatile Warrior’s Handle.
Mountain High
Get to the top of Muspelheim
Climb the volcano
The whole realm is a great fire… the source of fire itself, and all the sun and stars, if legend is to be believed.
Journey back to the mountain
The Black Rune and the Stone Mason’s Chisel are ours! Now we just have to find a way back up to the mountain’s summit, and we can use them to open the bridge to Jötunheim.
Find a new path up to the summit
Up we go!
Continue towards the summit
The highest peak in all nine realms.
Open the bridge to Jötunheim
Let’s do this!
Catch Baldur
What are you waiting for? Go!
Return to the Realm Travel Room
Let’s see what the Realm Travel Room looks like upside down…
EXPOSE WEAKNESS
Enemies choked by Atreus will take increased damage.
ENHANCED STRIKES
Increases STUN damage inflicted by Atreus’s melee attacks.
IRON GRIP
Atreus can choke enemies for longer.
AIMED SHOT
Enemies in air take increased damage.
BARRAGE
When rapid firing, the last arrow inflicts increased damage.
AERIAL DOMINANCE
Arrows fired while in air inflict additional damage.
HEALTHSTONE ASSIST
Atreus will sometimes find Healthstones when Kratos is injured.
HEALTHSTONE ENHANCEMENT
Increases Healthstone potency.
RUNIC ATTUNEMENT
After using a Runic Summon, arrows will deal additional Status damage for 8 seconds.
Valkyrie’s Might
Wing of the Fallen
Retribution
Moderate Perk activation chance on any successful Executioner’s Cleave to grant Strike of the Valkyrie, causing a massive explosion on the next attack. Low Perk activation chance to cause an explosion on any successful hit.
Moderate Perk activation chance on any successful kill to grant Power of the Valkyrie, increasing [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH. (Stacks up to 3 times max.)
[LightAttackButton] axe throw and recall become incredibly powerful. Low Perk activation chance to strike with a massively damaging explosion on any successful hit.
Eye of the Winged Chosen
Dragons
Valkyries
Treasure Maps
Investigate the Jötunheim tower
Somehow Týr and the Giants hid the Jötunheim travel tower in the Realm Between Realms! The Unity Stone got us here… but can it get the tower home? And can we survive the ride?
Survive the gauntlet of realms
This does not look good…
Defeat Baldur
We got Mimir’s eye back, but Baldur attacked Jörmungandr and he spat us out near the dead Stone Mason. Now Freya’s here and Baldur’s in a rage and everyone’s having it out. I don’t think we’re all walking away from this…
Return to the Realm Travel Room
Return to Sindri
It’s over now. The spell on Baldur was broken by the mistletoe arrow holding up my quiver (of all things)! Freya brought back Thamur the Stone Mason to stop us, but Jörmungandr helped us beat him. We beat Baldur together, and we would have let him go, but he tried to kill Freya… and I guess she was alright with that, but we weren’t. Now he’s dead, and she’s really angry, and I don’t know how to feel about any of it. But one thing’s for sure: we’re going to Jötunheim!
We sealed the three realm tears in Niflheim, and boy, it was not easy. I don’t think Sindri will believe us, but I can’t wait to tell him.
Open a passage to Jötunheim
We’re finally going to do it.
Double Tap [EvadeButton] to dodge enemy attacks.
Tap [HeavyAttackButton] with the axe to launch light enemies into the air.
Enemies have a Stun Bar below their Health Bar. When enemies are STUNNED, Press [R3] to grab them.
Use Bare-Handed attacks or Atreus’s arrows to STUN enemies faster.
Camera Settings can be adjusted in the Settings menu. Press [StartButton] then [TriangleButton] to open the Options menu, then select Settings.
Stun Grab certain enemies to use them as weapons.
Tap [RightButton] to switch to Bare-Handed attacks.
Hitting enemies in the back or into walls inflicts more STUN damage.
Aim the Leviathan Axe by Holding [AimButton] and throw it by Pressing [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton]. Recall the axe by Pressing [AxeRecallButton]
Follow Mimir’s instructions to the chisel
Use Atreus’s arrows to damage and STUN enemies by Pressing [SonActionButton]. Arrows take time to recharge.
The Serpent says that to get to the REAL highest peak we need two things: the secret travel rune for Jötunheim, and a piece of a magic chisel to carve it with. First we’re sailing off to find the chisel…
Build Kratos’s Rage by inflicting damage to enemies. When the Rage Bar is full, Press [L3]+[R3] to enter Spartan Rage.
Attacking enemies during Spartan Rage regenerates Health.
When the Rage Bar is full, enter Spartan Rage by Pressing [L3]+[R3]
Press [StartButton] to open the Pause Menu to purchase Skills or check the map.
Go to the Skills tab in the Pause Menu to unlock new abilities using [EconomyXP]
Runic Attacks are powerful abilities Kratos can use in combat. Runic Attacks can be equipped in the Weapons tab.
Upgrading Kratos and Atreus’s weapons increases their effectiveness in combat and allows powerful new Skills to be purchased.
Atreus’s armor can be upgraded to make him more effective in combat.
Atreus’s armor can be upgraded to increase his damage and resistance to enemy attacks.
Pommels provide the axe with unique bonuses. Pommels can be equipped to the axe in the Weapons Tab.
Enchantments provide Kratos’s armor with special bonuses. Enchantments can be equipped on Armor in the Armor Tab.
Talismans provide Kratos with unique bonuses. Talismans can be equipped in the Armor tab for Kratos.
Build Permafrost by attacking enemies quickly with the axe without sustaining damage. Subsequent attacks inflict FROST damage.
Hit enemy weak points with axe throws to gain an advantage in combat.
The Permafrost Skill can be unlocked in the Skills tab. Perform axe attacks in quick succession without sustaining damage to build up Permafrost.
Spartan Rage allows Kratos to perform powerful new attacks using [BlockButton], [AimButton], [LightAttackButton], and [HeavyAttackButton]
The number next to enemy Health Bars indicates how powerful they are. The higher the number, the more powerful.
The Block Break skill can be unlocked in the Skills tab. Double Tap [BlockButton] to break an enemy’s block.
The Talon Bow can be equipped with Runic Summons in the Weapons tab.
Recipes allow Kratos and Atreus to upgrade and craft new equipment from the Shop. Explore the world and slay enemies to find new Recipes.
Resurrection Stones allow Atreus to revive Kratos if he is fatally injured. Resurrection Stones can be purchased at the Shop.
A variety of Resurrection Stones can be purchased at the Shop. Different Resurrection Stones grant additional effects when Atreus revives Kratos.
Mystic Gateways can be found throughout your journey. Use a Mystic Gateway to quickly return to Brok’s Shop in Týr’s Temple.
Brok and Sindri are master blacksmiths. Visit their Shops and use resources looted from the world to upgrade and craft new equipment.
Visit the Shop to upgrade Kratos and Atreus’s weapons with resources looted from the world.
Use Atreus’s arrows to make the Revenant vulnerable to Kratos’s attacks.
Trolls can be hit in their arms and legs during certain attacks to interrupt them.
Enemy attacks that flash yellow or red indicate that they will break Kratos’s block. Evade these!
Enemies with shields will block all of Kratos’s attacks from the front. Find an alternate angle of attack to break through.
Find a way to the hammer
How do we get to the base of that giant hammer?
Make your way up the hammer
Time to Climb…
Release the strap
If we release that strap, we can unleash the ultimate ice breaker.
Find a way to the hammer’s head
Ascending further into the foggy snow-ridden sky.
Push the hammer
One last push…
Make your way to the chisel
Ice is broken, let’s find that chisel.
Trial I: Hard
Muspelheim Trial: Resurrection
Kill enemies in quick succession
Defeated foes will respawn if other enemies are left alive after their death. Wear your enemies down and kill them all in quick succession. Complete all waves to advance.
Unlocks an axe throw finisher after 2 consecutive precision throws.
Muspelheim Trial: Gauntlet I
Trial I: Impossible
Your final Arena I Trial: defeat all enemies and survive to the end.
Defeat all enemies
Muspelheim Trial: Stunner
Trial II: Hard
Enemies in this arena will regenerate Health as quickly as you can deal it. The only way to dispose of them is by using your Stun Grab. STUN enemies by using Bare-Handed attacks and Atreus’s arrows and then finish them off with [R3].
Enemies quickly regenerate Health
Muspelheim Trial: Gauntlet II
Trial II: Impossible
Your final Arena II Trial: defeat all enemies and survive to the end.
Defeat all enemies
Trial III: Hard
Muspelheim Trial: Kill Location Challenge
Kill enemies while they are inside the gold rings
Look for the gold rings on the ground and make your kills inside their bounds. Kills outside of the gold rings will not count towards your total. Kill the required number of enemies before time expires. Complete all waves to advance.
Trial III: Impossible
Muspelheim Trial: Gauntlet III
Defeat all enemies
Your final Arena III Trial: defeat all enemies and survive to the end.
Muspelheim Trials
Trial IV: Hard
Muspelheim Trial: Protector
Don’t let enemies capture Atreus
Enemies will attempt to capture Atreus. If he is grabbed by an enemy, you will have limited time to free him. Protect your son at all costs!
Collect Your Reward
Muspelheim Trial Complete
Trial IV: Impossible
Muspelheim Trial: Gauntlet IV
Defeat all enemies
Your final Arena IV Trial: defeat all enemies and survive to the end.
Trial V: Hard
Muspelheim Trial: Untouchable
Avoid taking damage
Don’t get hit, not even once. Defeat all enemies while taking no damage to complete the trial.
Trial V: Impossible
Muspelheim Trial: Gauntlet V
Defeat all enemies
Your final Arena V Trial: defeat all enemies and survive to the end.
A purple Health Bar indicates a powerful enemy. Purchase or discover better equipment to improve your chances.
Stun Grab Nightmares to throw them into other enemies.
Sigrun’s Helmet
Dwarven Favor Started
Hold [BlockButton] to block.\nHold [JoystickL] then Press [EvadeButton] to evade.
Bare-Handed attacks inflict more STUN damage.\n\nPress [RightButton] to sheathe the axe and enter Bare-Handed mode.
Enemy difficulty is represented by the color and number near their Health Bar.
Use [EconomyXP] to purchase Skills.\nPress [StartButton] to access the Skills tab.
EXPERIENCE POINTS
Use [EconomyXP] to purchase Skills.\nPress [StartButton] to access the Skills tab.
The Giant’s Chisel
Dining Hall
The Hammer Head
Head of Thamur
Northern Dock
Sanctuary Grove
The Summit
Heart of the Mountain
Belly of the Beast
Brok’s Shop
Light Elf Shore
Locked
Cannot travel to this yet
Gold: Cleave 100 Enemies
Cuirass of the Valkyrie
A true warrior’s armor, forged of metals from Valhalla. A Valkyrie’s essence favors well-rounded Stats.
Gauntlets of the Valkyrie
A true warrior’s armor, forged of metals from Valhalla. A Valkyrie’s essence favors well-rounded Stats.
Waist Guard of the Valkyrie
A true warrior’s armor, forged of metals from Valhalla. A Valkyrie’s essence favors well-rounded Stats.
Reaper
Kill or Damage Enemies with Executioner’s Cleave
Shatterer
Freeze Enemies and then Shatter Them
Gold: Shatter 30 Frozen Enemies
Gold: Stun Grab 100 Enemies
Touch of Death
Stun Grab Enemies
Common
Rare
Legendary
Epic
I
II
III
IV
V
Inscribed Crest
Etched Crest
Polished Crest
Inlaid Crest
Polished Sigil
Sharp Sigil
Etched Sigil
Sturdy Sigil
Permafrost
Perform attacks in quick succession without sustaining damage to power up the Leviathan Axe and inflict FROST damage on every hit.
Glacial Permafrost
Increases the amount of Permafrost gained on every successful axe hit.
Fury Drive
(In Spartan Rage) Hold [LightAttackButton] to deliver a forceful haymaker that knocks enemies backward at great speed.
Spartan Surge
(In Spartan Rage) Hold [BlockButton] to charge up a powerful stomp that can launch nearby enemies airborne.
Seething Earth
(In Spartan Rage) Press [AimButton] to pick up and hurl a large boulder from the ground that explodes on impact and deals massive damage.
Raging Ultimatum
(In Spartan Rage) Hold [HeavyAttackButton] to perform a more powerful Raging Smash attack with a much wider area-of-effect.
Gold: Wall Pin 30 Enemies
Use Your Axe to Pin Enemies to Walls
Against the Wall
Last One Standing
Gold: Trip 100 Enemies
Trip Enemies
Gold: Parry 100 Attacks
Quick Reflexes
Parry Enemy Attacks
Freya’s Cave
Light of Alfheim
Talisman Tinkerer
Gold: Use Talisman Abilities 60 Times
Activate Talisman Abilities
Judgment of Fire
Gold: Kill 60 Burning Enemies
Light Enemies on Fire and then Kill Them
Summoner
Gold: Summon an Ally 60 times
Use Atreus’s Summons
Inscribed Sigil
Sharp Relic
Sturdy Relic
Etched Relic
Inscribed Sign
Jagged Sign
Sturdy Sign
Polished Brand
of Strength
of Runic Power
of Defense
of Toughness
of Focus
of Luck
Gold: Kill 400 Draugr
Gold: Kill 45 Wolves
Gold: Kill 20 Revenants
of Rune-Fighting
of Heart
of Berserk
of Vigor
of Triumph
of Determination
of Fervor
of Concentration
of Bounty
of Survival
of Consideration
of Providence
of Fortune
of Resilience
of Tenacity
Gold: Kill 250 Reavers
Gold: Kill 20 Vikens
Gold: Kill 100 Shadows
Gold: Kill 100 Dark Elves
Gold: Kill 10 Trolls
Ancients Killed: %d of %d
Gold: Kill 20 Ogres
Gold: Kill 20 Wulvers
Enemies Killed: %d of %d
Wages of War
Unstoppable Aura
Chance for Enhanced Resilience when damage is taken, preventing Kratos’s attacks from being interrupted.
Fortification
Holding [BlockButton] for several seconds grants Fortification, causing an explosive knockback after the next successful block.
Use [JoystickL] to dodge left.
Symbol
Empowerment I
Healing Empowerment
Final Empowerment
Inscribed Brand
Jagged Brand
Gold: Kill 45 Tatzelwurms
Gold: Kill 150 Nightmares
Nightmare’s Wake
Hunter’s Kingdom
Motsògnir, ruler of man and beast. I came to his kingdom to learn if he had obtained the ingredients to forge the Armor of Legend. All I found was death and sorrow. I leave this offering in memory of those who suffered in the Dwarf King’s quest for glory.
Gold: Kill 15 Travelers
Travel’s End
Entrance
Ringed Temple
Kill Nightmares\nEncounter more of these floating eyeball-monsters by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Kill Travelers\nEncounter more of these heavily-armored swordsmen by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Many Foes Must Fall\nEncounter more foes by thoroughly exploring the lands you traverse. Consult the Bestiary for tips on defeating them.
Mystic Gateways
Shops Found
Power of the Valkyrie I
Power of the Valkyrie II
Power of the Valkyrie III
Fist of Thor
Strike of the Valkyrie
Grips of Retribution
“From darkness keep safe the Light”\n\nMore like trying to keep the other Elves from getting it…
“Until gods grow good”\n\nI guess he means never. But maybe…
“Leave them in peace”\n\nA message from Týr? Does he mean the Giants?
“Duraþrór”\n\nA stag of the World Tree who watches the gates of Jötunheim (where Giants come from). This really IS the Giants’ mountain!
“Ignite”\n\nI was able to light this “Brazier” by reading the runes. Some kind of spell, maybe? I bet there are more of these around the Lake of Nine. Were there more people here, before this was a lake? Where did they all go? So many questions… I wish we could ask the World Serpent!
“To Njörd we offer back the sea’s bounty.”\n\nFor a god, Njörd doesn’t sound too bad.
“Death Inside”\n\nThis must be old. There’s plenty of death outside, too.
“Hræzlyr”\n\nWho or what would be named “terror”…?
“Muspelheim”\n”Gauntlet of Surtr”\n\nThe ancient realm of fire! Now that we have the travel rune, we can go anytime and see what new challenges await.
“Thought is faster than wind”\n\nTýr’s testing our minds in here…
“Hunting Death”\n\nHmm… Does this mean someone died during a hunt, or they were LITERALLY hunting Death? Sounds rough either way.
“Don’t wake him”\n\nI’m REALLY getting tired of being told what to do.
“Njörd was here”\n\nTrying to imagine Mimir drinking with a Vanir god. Actually not that hard. I wonder if Freya was ever here…
“Trade Grounds”\n\nFound what used to be a marketplace where gods and Giants would meet and trade. Must have been before the war…
“Death to the Raven God, Lord of the Hanged”\n\nShe really doesn’t like Odin very much.
“Welcome Jötnar”\n\nThe Jötnar had a settlement here? Giants, so close to home! But… how long ago?
“Turn back, Aesir”\n\nI hope those are magic runes… words won’t keep the Aesir away.
I guess Ymir lived a long time ago. Wonder what happened to them…
“Jötnar only
and also Dwarves”\n\nThe Mountain was a stronghold of the Giants in Midgard. After they left, the Dwarves mined it dry.
“The eternal war for the Light endures”\n\nThe same Light we need for the Bifröst, of course.
“Niflheim”\n”Fog and Fortune”\n\nA misty realm of treasure and traps! Well, we have the rune to go explore…
“Seiðr níðings upon all who trespass”\n\n…but we’re invited here… right?
Leiptr Alloy
Oblivion Stone
Asgardian Steel
Monarch’s Vestige
Generate Test Rune
generate a test rune
Sell Test Rune
sell a test rune
Obsidian Ore
Surtr’s Flame
Asgardian Hilt of Wrath
Chance on hit to cause a massive explosion.
Valkyrie’s Wrath
Upgrade Valkyrie’s Wrath
Valkyrie’s Wrath
Asgardian Hilt of the Hurricane
Grip of the Guardian Valkyrie II
Grip of the Guardian Valkyrie III
Upgrade Grip of the Guardian Valkyrie
Undiscovered
No Submenus Available
No Settings Available
No Lore Available
No Categories Available
No Creatures Available
No Favors Available
No Resources Available
Grips of Retribution
Grips of Retribution
No Bookmarks Available
Upgrade Retribution
No Skills Available
No Items Available
Muspelheim Blade Component
Muspelheim Blade Component Perk Description
Muspelheim Blade Component II
Muspelheim Blade Component III
Upgrade Muspelheim Blade Component
Valkyrie Blade Component
Valkyrie Blade Component Perk Description
Valkyrie Blade Component II
Valkyrie Blade Component III
Upgrade Valkyrie Blade Component
Nidavellir Blades Component
Nidavellir Blades Component Perk Description
Nidavellir Blades Component II
Nidavellir Blades Component III
Upgrade Nidavellir Blades Component
Talisman of Cursed Power
Unleash a wave of Cursed Mist that instantly WEAKENS all surrounding enemies by lowering their overall Stats.
Talisman of Cursed Power
Upgrade Talisman of Cursed Power
Talisman of the Realms
Summon a Realm Shift that temporarily slows down surrounding enemies. Upgrade to increase the duration of Realm Shift.
Valkyrie Talisman II
Valkyrie Talisman III
Upgrade Valkyrie Talisman
Shattered Gauntlet of Ages
An ancient relic of Hel deemed too powerful to remain whole, fragments of its former strength lie scattered throughout the realms…
Talisman of Forceful Repulsion II
Talisman of Forceful Repulsion III
Keep Safe the Light
Good Gods?
Leave Them in Peace
Duraþrór the Stag
Island Braziers
Njörd of the Vanir
Mountain Terror
The Fire Realm
Rune Vault Clue
Bad Options
Sleeping Monsters
Njördholm’s Hall
Jötnar Marketplace
Down With Odin
Giants!
Keep Out
Gone
Giants and Dwarves
The Eternal War
The Realm of Fog
A Seiðr Curse
Lore Markers
Niflheim Special 01 Weapon Component
Niflheim Special 01 Weapon Component Description
Talisman of Forceful Repulsion II
Upgrade Talisman of Forceful Repulsion
Talisman of Forceful Repulsion III
Aegir’s Protection
Create a small defensive zone that prevents Kratos’s attacks from being interrupted, and reduces the amount of damage he takes. When upgraded, it restores a small amount of Health as well.
Fight
Troll
Ancient
Realm Tear Encounter
Traveler
Talk to Sindri
That’s Sindri up there!
Brok can upgrade the Blades of Chaos to strengthen them.
Next Line
Complete the trials to unlock the next arena
Press [AdvanceButton] to accept the challenge
Press [BackButton] to reject the call
Press [TriangleButton] to warm up
You have collected %d of 3 Iðunn Apples needed to increase your maximum Health.
Collect 10 Iðunn Apples to increase your maximum Health.
Collect 18 Iðunn Apples to increase your maximum Health.
Collect 30 Iðunn Apples to increase your maximum Health.
Collect 50 Iðunn Apples to increase your maximum Health.
Collect 82 Iðunn Apples to increase your maximum Health.
Collect 134 Iðunn Apples to increase your maximum Health.
You have collected 3 Iðunn Apples. Maximum Health increased.
Maximum Health Increased
Health upgrades when you get 2, 5, 10, 18, 30, 50, 82, and 134 Iðunn Apples.
Frozen Flame
An impossible material that houses the rage of fire and the temper of ice. Generated through mighty battles. Used to upgrade the Leviathan Axe.
Leviathan Awakens
Collect Frozen Flames and upgrade the Leviathan Axe
Frozen Flames Collected: %d of %d
The Leviathan Axe can only be upgraded beyond its sturdy form by collecting Frozen Flames. They can be found on powerful creatures throughout our journey.
Leviathan Upgraded: %d of %d
We can use Frozen Flames to upgrade the Leviathan Axe. Whenever we find one, we should bring it to the Shop to make the axe even stronger.
Frozen Flames Collected: %d of %d
Chaos Flame
A small flame that has no source, but burns in all directions. Generated through mighty battles. Used to upgrade the Blades of Chaos.
Collect the second Frozen Flame
Upgrade Leviathan Axe for the second time
Collect the third Frozen Flame
Upgrade Leviathan Axe for the third time
Collect the fourth Frozen Flame
Upgrade Leviathan Axe for the fourth time
Collect the final Frozen Flame
Upgrade Leviathan Axe for the final time
Helheim
Use [EconomyXP] to purchase new Blades of Chaos Skills.\nPress [StartButton] to access the Skills tab.
Hold [AimButton] to aim then Press [LightAttackButton] to impale and weaponize Nightmares.
Press [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton] to throw the axe.
Keys Collected
%d / %d \n
Press [AdvanceButton] to accept the challenge
Press [BackButton] to reject the call
Press [TriangleButton] to warm up
The Charm of Infinite Storms
Summon a storm of ice that prevents Kratos’s attacks from being interrupted, reduces the amount of damage he takes, and inflicts normal and FROST damage to all nearby enemies.
Chaos and Conflagration
Collect Chaos Flames and upgrade the Blades of Chaos
Blades of Chaos Upgraded: %d of %d
Chaos Flames are the key to improving the Blades of Chaos. Whenever we find one, we should bring it to Brok or Sindri to make the Blades even stronger.
Chaos Flames Collected: %d of %d
Collect the second Chaos Flame
Collect the third Chaos Flame
Collect the final Chaos Flame
The Blades of Chaos can only be hardened by chaotic flames that forged them. They can be found on powerful creatures throughout our journey.
Blades Upgrade V
Increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC and makes new Blades of Chaos Skills available for purchase with [EconomyXP]
Alfheim Chisel
Deadly Hilts of Restoration
High Perk activation chance to grant a burst of Health after any successful kill.
Deadly Hilts of Restoration II
Deadly Hilts of Restoration III
Upgrade Deadly HIlts of Restoration
Týr’s Luck
Low Perk activation chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH, [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE, or [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC when damage is taken.
Elemental Shielding
33% resistance against FROST, BURN, and POISON attacks. (Stacks up to 85% max.)
Protection of the Traveler
Slowly regenerate a protective barrier that absorbs a single attack.
Use [EconomyXP] to upgrade Light Arrow Skills.\nPress [StartButton] to access the Skills tab.
To adjust Camera Speed and Combat Camera Assist\nPress [StartButton] and then [TriangleButton] to access Camera Settings.
You have acquired the Witch’s Compass.\n\nThe Compass is displayed at the top of the screen and points towards your next objective. Follow the marker in the Compass to reach the boat.
Follow the red marker in the Compass to reach the Witch’s boat.
Follow the Compass to daylight.
Follow the Compass Marker to your next Objective.
Perfect Asgardian Steel
Not Purchased
Treasure Maps
Lightning-infused metal used by the kin of Thor. Used to upgrade Pommels with SHOCK damage effects. Found in Treasure Map caches.
A stone that hungers for energy and absorbs it on contact. Coveted and hoarded by Dwarves. Used to upgrade Pommels with life-draining damage effects. Found in Treasure Map caches.
Asgardian metal found on scraps of Valkyrie armor. Used to upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of the Valkyries.
A flawless and hardened piece of Asgardian Valkyrie armor. Used to upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of the Valkyries.
The crystallized gem-like tear of a captive dragon. Used to upgrade a powerful Talisman.
Default
Flipped
Classic
Press [AxeRecallButton] to recall the axe.\nPress [RightButton] to equip the axe.
Bestla’s Frozen Shard
Borr’s Frozen Shard
Búri’s Frozen Shard
Ivaldi’s Corrupted Mind
Speedy Evasion
Gain a burst of speed and travel an increased distance when evading.
Realm Shift
Very low Perk activation chance to temporarily slow nearby enemies on any successful hit.
Protection of the Valkyrie
Very low Perk activation chance on any successful weapon hit to grant Protection of the Valkyrie, granting 50% resistance to all status effects and possibility of being staggered by enemy attacks.
Arcane Health Burst
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Health Burst when using a Runic Attack.
Arcane Protective Barrier
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant Protective Barrier, preventing damage from enemy attacks, when using a Runic Attack.
Arcane Runic
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC when using a Runic Attack.
Destroyer’s Health Burst
Very high Perk activation chance to grant a Health Burst on any successful Runic Attack kill.
Refreshing Light
Low Perk activation chance to instantly refresh all Runic Attack cooldowns on any successful Runic Attack kill.
Blessing of Swiftness
Slightly increases max sprinting speed.
Sprinter’s Unstoppable Aura
Sprinting for 3 seconds grants Unstoppable Aura, preventing interruptions by enemy attacks.
Chance when taking damage to activate Salvation of Niflheim.
Chance when taking damage to activate healing Mists of Niflheim.
Low Perk activation chance to strike with an explosive curse that inflicts WEAKNESS to enemies on any successful hit.
Fortune’s Strike
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC, [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH, or [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE on any successful hit.
Warrior’s Unstoppable Aura
Low Perk activation chance to grant Unstoppable Aura, preventing interruptions by enemy attacks, on any successful hit.
Light Grips of Protection
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant Protective Barrier, preventing damage from enemy attacks, on successfully landing Rising Fury on an enemy.
Light Grips of Protection
Light Grips of Protection
Upgrade Light Grips of Protection
Creates a massive concussive blast on impact that sends enemies flying into the air.
Alfheim Realm Tower
Niflheim Realm Tower
Svartalfheim Realm Tower
Realm Shift
Very low Perk activation chance to temporarily slow nearby enemies when damage is taken.
Runic Attacks need to recharge after use.\n\nUpgrade Runic Attacks by spending [Icons:XP].
Runic Attack Gems give you access to \nLight or Heavy Runic Attacks.\n\nThey are slotted to your weapon.
Light Runic Attack: Hel’s Touch
Runic Attack Gem Acquired
Refreshing Light
Small chance when killing an enemy with a special to instantly refresh cooldowns.
Dock at the bridge
We talked to the World Serpent! Though we don’t understand him. When he moved, we saw lots of places to dock the boat… but I think our path to the mountain is the big bridge coming from that golden temple in the lake.
Finder’s Fee
I’ve been working for Hræzla Farmaðr a long time, but the pay is always short. With the camp split between Vandrid and his old man, no one will notice me stashing a bit of the earnings on the side. My secret perch is the perfect hiding spot.
The Historian
I wished to make a contribution to Fáfnir’s collection of relics. I arrived to find the door locked and Reavers blocking the way I came. I quickly buried my treasure and hid as fast as I could. If I manage to escape, I’ll return to this spot.
Island of Light
While we hail from Alfheim, the Light Elves make sure to watch over Midgard. I’ve spent most of my life here at this outpost and I will likely die here.
The Last Place They’d Look
Make your way to the Tower
It’s just down the bridge.
Pass through the tower and caves
The Valkyries will hunt me until my last breath. If they seek what is mine, I shall hide it right under their noses.
A drink from the dew of the World Tree brings lasting benefits. [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH permanently increased by 2.
This won’t be so bad.
Yggdrasil’s Dew of Strength
Yggdrasil’s Dew of Runic Power
A drink from the dew of the World Tree brings lasting benefits. [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC permanently increased by 2.
Yggdrasil’s Dew of Defense
A drink from the dew of the World Tree brings lasting benefits. [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE permanently increased by 2.
Yggdrasil’s Dew of Vitality
A drink from the dew of the World Tree brings lasting benefits. [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY permanently increased by 2.
Yggdrasil’s Dew of Cooldown
Yggdrasil’s Dew of Luck
A drink from the dew of the World Tree brings lasting benefits. [Icons:LUCK] LUCK permanently increased by 2.
A drink from the dew of the World Tree brings lasting benefits. [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN permanently increased by 2.
Throw the Leviathan Axe at objects to break them.
Don’t Blink
My journey will be long and I can only carry the essentials. I leave my possessions under the watchful eyes of the face of stone until I return.
The Turtle’s Tribute
Where the leaves are red, and the moss is green, I buried my treasure where the Tortoise doth dream.
Creation Island
Why waste a life worshiping those who were created by another? I honor Búri, first among Gods and he from whom the Aesir sprang. I’ve left him tribute on the island that honors him.
Runic Blast Supremacy
Increases the damage of the Blast of Hephaestus Runic Attack.
Apollo’s Enduring Gift
Increases the duration of Gift of Apollo Runic Attack.
Runic Slash Enhancement
Adds an explosive bomb to the Wrath of Artemis Runic Attack.
Runic Nemean Supremacy
Increases the damage of the Nemean Crush Runic Attack.
Runic Tartarus Supremacy
Increases the damage of the Tartarus Rage Runic Attack.
Hyrrokkin’s Fiery Shard
Dagr’s Fiery Shard
Jarnsaxa’s Fiery Shard
Aurvandil’s Fiery Shard
Logi’s Fiery Shard
Muspelheim Realm Tower
Iron Cove
Lookout Tower
Forgotten Caverns
Light Elf Outpost
Stone Falls
The Mason’s Channel
Andvari’s Hammer
Hammer of the Dwarven blacksmith Andvari, of value to Brok.
Protection of the Bifröst
25% resistance to all status effects, including FROST, BURN, BLIND, DAZE, and POISON.
Protection Against the Fallen
Reduces all damage from Valkyries’ attacks by 5% (stacks up to 15% max).
Fire Sigil of Focus
Fire Sigil of Protection
Fire Sigil of Might
Frost Sigil of Runic
Frost Sigil of Focus
Frost Sigil of Defense
Arcane Runic
High Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC when using a Runic Attack.
Jötnar Shrines
Lore Markers
Rune Reads
Scrolls
Locations
An Ominous Warning
In the Jewel?
“Í Gimsteini”\n\nIf this is a message from Andvari, what does he mean? Is it something about the ring we found on his hand? Let’s ask Brok.
Another Betrayal
“False Leader”\n\nIs this what Vandrid wrote about his father? Or what the crew wrote about Vandrid after they mutinied?
Scale of the Mighty
Seiðr Sigil of Toughness
Seiðr Sigil of Protection
Seiðr Sigil of Runic Power
Adds a series of cluster bomb concussions to the Heavy Combo Finisher that inflicts BURN damage.
Adds a hazard to the Standard Heavy Finisher point of impact that inflicts BURN damage.
Adds a fire bomb effect to any enemies hit by this attack.
Hold [BlockButton] to block stomp waves.\nHold [JoystickL] and Press [EvadeButton] to dodge claw attacks.
Shatter Crystals explode when combined with electric energy.
Deal damage to Hræzlyr’s claws to provoke his electric attacks.
Press [SonActionButton] to call to Atreus.
Andvari’s Invention
“Through this path lies the Mines of Völunder. This great endeavor was made possible by Andvari the Alchemist, Son of Ivaldi, through whose ingenuity the very stone and bedrock was turned from obstacle to mighty tool of industry. A Dwarven Miner’s greatest fear has always been running afoul of The Ancients, but through Andvari’s genius, they are now no more than tools in our righteous undertaking. A new age for Dwarves dawns here—no mere miners but masters of iron, whose greatest craft is the future itself!”
To See Her Again
“The death of my daughter turned me into a broken man, but one of the Lake Spirits tells me I can find some peace. His master’s a powerful seiðr witch, and he says she’ll reunite me with my sweet Iona! I just need to find her bones. Don’t know why someone would go to the trouble a scatterin’ bones across the Lake of Nine, but the task is naught to me. I’d go to Helheim for a chance to see my daughter again.”
Death to the Gods
“I was foolish to think a simple apprentice could survive on his own out in these harsh lands. My supplies dwindle, and the Draugr are more numerous than I had anticipated. But my parents deserve vengeance, and I will not rest until they have it. They only wanted to honor the gods, and died with nothing to show for it. The gods… they are not wise. They are not just or good. They are not to be worshiped or idolized. They are no better than man. I pray for their deaths.
I realize the irony. Who am I praying to? What god answers the prayer of ’death to the gods’? And still, I pray for one who would purify this world of their evil and send them to the same Hel that awaits the rest of us.”
Shipwrecked
“Until today, I’ve always thought the Lake of Nine as a desolate, cursed place. And for the three ships caught in the recent storm, that notion holds true. But for this simple scavenger? Their loss is my gain. I found their fool of a captain on one of the beaches. He was a broken man, in both spirit and body.  I gave him Hel’s kindness, but not before I filled my pockets with all the Hacksilver I could carry.
The captain held an Offering to Týr, which is all well and good… But to neglect Thor? What kind of experienced seafarer neglects the God of Thunder?”
On Midgard Dead
Dust of Realms
A formless substance found inside Realm Tears. Used to enhance unique properties of various Talismans.
Legendary Chests
Nornir Chests
“With each passing day, the dead continue to rise. Their resurrection occurs in various forms. Draugr, once merely an occasional sighting, have spread in shocking numbers across Midgard and beyond. The icy bodies of re-animated Reavers (commonly known as ‘Hel-Walkers’) remain a mystery—what causes their resurrection? Finally, the various spirits throughout the Lake of Nine. They appear harmless… which is more than can be said of the Draugr and Hel-Walkers. The ones I’ve encountered show a single-minded determination in some task or desire that keeps them bound to this realm. What will happen to them should they achieve their goal? All have offered some form of reward. Speaking with these spirits can be unsettling, but perhaps their requests bear further consideration?”
Dragons on the Path
Lore Added
Reinforced plates imbued with the power of an Ancient’s Heart grants this armor resistance to all ELEMENTAL damage.
Reinforced plates imbued with the power of an Ancient’s Heart grants this armor resistance to all ELEMENTAL damage.
Gauntlets forged from an offering made to Týr. Blessed with Týr’s Luck.
Belt forged from an offering made to Týr. Blessed with Týr’s Luck.
New Lore Found
New Lore Marker Found
New Shrine Entry
New Location Found
New Boat Dock Found
Map Updated
World Serpent Scale Fragment
A scale fragment from the hide of the World Serpent, worn but still strong. Found amongst the islands, beaches, and caves in the Lake of Nine. Used to upgrade Pommels with assorted properties.
World Serpent Scale
An intact scale from the hide of the World Serpent, sturdy and shiny. Found deep amongst the islands, beaches, and caves in the Lake of Nine. Used to upgrade Pommels with assorted properties.
Seiðr
Beast
Elves
Primordial
Aesir
Hel-Walker
Trolls
Dwarves
Draugr
Mother said that Draugr were warriors who died, but their souls were too stubborn and angry to stop fighting. They’d fight off the Valkyrie that came to collect them, and bring their own dead bodies back to life… warping and twisting their previous form into something else. Now they’re husks of their former selves, and fight anybody they can find. She also said they can come back in all different shapes and sizes and that some even have powers that others may not.
Heavy Draugr
These Draugr seem bigger than the ones we first encountered. They carry heavier, more dangerous weapons. It makes them slower, but they’re a LOT stronger than the regular ones.
Draugr (Shield)
I already knew that Draugr weren’t just mindless monsters, but I didn’t think they were smart enough to use a shield. They like using it, too. We’ll have to change up our strategy a bit and see where we can find an opening.
Draugr (Dual Wield)
A Draugr with two weapons is twice as dangerous, right? When they’re with a more defensive enemy, we should consider taking down these dual-wielding Draugr early in the fight and not turn our back on them.
Draugr (Projectile)
These Draugr can shoot fireballs. How do they do that? They like to attack from a distance, which can be really annoying when we’re fighting a bunch of other enemies, but luckily they go down pretty quickly.
Draugr (Speed)
What’s more terrifying than a Draugr? A Draugr that can run at you really fast. Mother said some Draugr had special powers, and these ones are able to shoot fire out of their legs and move quickly around the battlefield. We’ll need to be on our toes.
Draugr (Explosive)
I’m not sure how they do it, but these Draugr store energy in their bodies, and then explode on contact. But the explosion doesn’t hurt them at all! I wonder if it feels good to them? Anyways, we should attack from a distance when we see that they are fully charged up.
Draugr (Power Weapon)
As if the undead trying to kill us with sharp objects wasn’t bad enough, some Draugr can channel energy through their arms, charging their weapons and making them even more dangerous. Getting hit with a rusty old sword hurts, but getting hit with a fire-charged sword hurts worse.
It takes a beat for him to recover after swinging, if we dodge, he’ll be open to a counter-attack.
His attacks are so strong, it makes blocking them really hard. Father should probably just dodge them.
Swinging wildly won’t break his guard, but if Father uses his Block Break, he should be able to find an opening (Double Tap [BlockButton]).
Parrying his attacks can also break his guard.
These Draugr really know how to use their weapons. We need to be ready for several attacks at once.
With two weapons they like to combo their attacks, but we can disrupt their flow by parrying their attacks.
They can attack from long range, but we should be safe if we dodge or block.
These speedy enemies can be hard to hit. Father should wait for them to rush him and parry their attacks.
I see them stomp their feet right before they charge. Should help us spot their incoming attacks.
We should avoid hitting them with melee attacks when they’re powered up, we’ll be knocked back by an explosion.
Father should throw his axe at them when they’re powered up. They’ll explode and damage all nearby enemies.
They power up their weapon and attack with a forward moving shockwave.
They have a strong attack, but if we dodge to the side we should be okay.
Revenant (Poison)
Mother once told me that some witches trade little bits of their soul here and there to become more powerful in Seiðr magic. Eventually, they lose every part of their humanity and become Revenants. They can disappear in an instant, and these particular Revenants are able to spread poison through touch and breath.
Revenant (Summoner)
This kind of Revenant can actually summon Nightmares. Does she create them with her Seiðr magic, or are they all just squeezed together in her pack? I wonder how so many of them fit in that little pack.
Hold [BlockButton] + [HeavyAttackButton]
Hold [BlockButton] + [LightAttackButton]
Hold [SonActionButton]
DEBUG RUNE
Tatzelwurm
A Tatzelwurm is part lizard, part cat—a Lizard-Cat! Or a Cat-Lizard… or something. Either way, the combination is pretty weird. They like to burrow underground to close the distance between them and their prey. Their claws and teeth are extremely sharp, but it’s that poisonous barb on their tails that we really need to watch out for.
Cursed Tatzelwurm
This Tatzelwurm doesn’t have the poisonous barb, but it does have a sac in its throat that lets it barf poison at us. I know; it’s really gross. The poison is deadly to the touch, so even if we dodge the attack, we still need to be careful not to step in it.
Brood
Rabid Wolf
Poison Wolf
Hel-Brood
Dark Elf
Dark Elf Warrior
Dark Elf Summoner
Dark Elf Lord
I’ve always admired wolves, but the ones we’ve encountered attack us on sight, which means they’re probably rabid. I guess to them, we are food. I know it’s kill or be killed, but still… they’re beautiful in their own way, and killing them makes me a little sad. Good thing Father probably won’t read this.
We’ve seen a lot of aggressive wolves, but these are something else… some other kind of disease. They spit out some kind of poison that we should avoid walking in, and they’re even more aggressive than the rabid ones. I bet we would be doing them a favor by putting them out of their misery.
These things are a complete mystery. They always show up in groups, but at least they go down fairly easily. They don’t have weapons, but they can grow their limbs into sharp points that are just as dangerous. They also tend to try and latch onto Father, and use their greater numbers to overwhelm us.
These faceless creatures are very aggressive and don’t hesitate to run straight at us. They clearly have the same kind of ice powers we see from anything that comes from Hel. They fall very easily to Father’s Blades.
Unlike the Light Elves of Alfheim, the Dark Elves prefer dark places. Maybe that’s why they want to cover up the Light? They can fly and seem pretty smart and well-coordinated; more so than most of the enemies we’ve fought so far. Their weapons are useful; effective up close and at a distance. Kind of like Father’s axe!
This type seems stronger than the average Dark Elf. They swing their heavy weapons so hard it creates a shock wave, making their attacks really tough to dodge.
This one is able to call in reinforcements, so we should take him down quickly. They should be easy to spot, thanks to the bright glow in their wings. I wonder how many Dark Elves there are in Alfheim?
Bigger, faster, and stronger than any Dark Elf we’ve fought so far. Their attacks are so strong they can blind and deafen us for a bit. They fight a lot like regular Dark Elves, just WAY harder.
A World Serpent Scale
The Dwarves can take fragments of the World Serpent’s old scales and form a fresh scale.
100 World Serpent Scale Fragments
The Dwarves can break apart a scale of the World Serpent to form smaller fragments.
Dauði Kaupmaðr
I think the troll we just fought was Dauði Kaupmaðr. Mother used to always tell me stories about him to try and scare me if I wandered off too far. I think she’d be proud of me, but Father thinks because I got a little angry that I’m “not ready.” Whatever. I just helped him kill a troll; I know I’m ready!
Mother told me a lot of stories about trolls. This one’s name translates to Death Merchant. With a name like that, I think it’s safe to assume he was pretty evil. I’m glad we killed him.
Nightmare
Mom used to tell me stories about Nightmares until, well… I started having nightmares. I was embarrassed, but she said they were just another part of life, and that sometimes there was “beauty in the horror.” She always saw the upside to everything, even these creepy little floating eye monsters. They’re named after an older creature, called a Mare, that sits on your chest while you sleep and feeds off your fear.
Nightmare Parasite
As if Nightmares weren’t annoying enough, it looks like this type can actually possess other creatures and make them stronger. Does the possessed creature have any control over their actions, or are they just trapped in some horrific waking nightmare? Not a very nice thought.
Ogre
Giant, powerful, angry, but thankfully not very smart. The Ogre is one of the ugliest enemies we’ve fought. Their huge arms give their attacks good range, and they can hit the ground so hard it creates powerful shock waves.
Fierce Ogre
These Ogres are similar in size to the regular ones, but they can cover long distances with a single jump. And… they smell REALLY bad. I wonder if that’s why they’re so angry all the time?
Ice Nightmare
These Nightmares can use the same power of frost that we’ve seen the Hel-Walkers use. These attacks will slow us down if they manage to hit.
Hel-Revenant
Like the other Hel-Walkers, the Hel-Revenant attacks with ice that can slow us down. Mother used to tell me bedtime stories about the Revenants, but she never mentioned this kind. Maybe she thought it was too scary for me.
Enchantment Sockets
New Area Revealed
Healing Mist
Wrath of Flame
Boat Docks added to map.
Wayward Spirits
Dwarves
An Enchantment that increases Stats and grants resistance to BURN damage.
Chaotic Upgrade
Upgrade the Blades of Chaos
Return to the boat
Find a different exit
We found the son of the Reaver Spirit we met back at Fáfnir’s storeroom. Looks like the son’s mutiny led to another mutiny in the end. I guess he had it coming… but it’s still a little sad. Back to the boat now, to bring Sindri his whetstone.
The water wheel that we freed earlier is blocking the way we came in. We’ll have to find a back door. I noticed a grate near the ship, I bet we can open it and get out that way.
Treasure Map Complete
Artifact Set Complete
Favor Complete
Dwarven Favor Complete
Lost Language Complete
Labor Complete
Dragon Favor Complete
Valkyrie Favor Complete
Stonebeard King
Mother said Stonebeard King earned his title “King” simply because no one could take it from him. If you are arrogant enough to call yourself a king, you better be able to back it up, and Stonebeard could.  He never lost a fight… until now.
Grendel of the Frost
Grendel of the Frost was the stuff of legend. Even Mother thought he was just a myth. It was said that Grendel was the strongest and most feared among the Stone Troll Tribe. They hold the name “The Frost” in the highest regard, and only give it to someone who is to be honored and revered. And now he’s dead. Serves him right for trying to kill us!
Death Eater
Mother never mentioned this troll. Guess he never did anything special to earn an interesting bedtime story. And now he never will.
Máttugr Helson
Máttugr Helson, known as Helheim’s son and bridge keeper. Apparently, he was actually born and raised in Hel. Growing up in a troll tribe can’t be an easy life, but growing up in Hel must be even worse.
Lake of Light
Valkyries
Dragons
Fire Nightmare
These Nightmares shoot fireballs. As if we needed MORE reasons to hate Nightmares.
Exploding Nightmare
These Nightmares like to swarm in close and then explode. Why do they sacrifice themselves like this? Maybe they are all part of some kind of hive mind. Whatever the reason, it’s really annoying.
Wolves typically hunt in packs and will try to surround their prey. Father should try to keep them in front of him and let me help draw their attention.
When these wolves howl, we should be ready for a strong attack.
We’ll have to be extra careful not to step in the stuff they vomit up. It’s poisonous. Smells real bad, too.
The poison from these wolves makes attacking up close risky. My bow and Father’s axe throw is a safer way to take them down.
Using the [HeavyAttackButton] axe throw will freeze them and bring them down to earth.
My arrows can stun them which will allow Father to finish them off. If he grabs them when stunned, he can throw them at other enemies and they’ll explode!
As soon as they start charging us, just one hit to their body will blow them up. The explosion hurts other enemies, too! Could be useful when fighting a big group.
If they get too close to us, they’ll explode. We need to hit them at range.
Brenna Dauði
Dauði Munr
Grendel of the Ashes
Seiðr Reavers are able to heal, so if we start attacking one, we should try to finish the job quickly.
When they die, they detonate in a poison cloud. If we’re too close, we should try to dodge away.
They only attack after they’ve conjured an explosive Seiðr magic spell. We should rush them down before they can throw it, or try and dodge.
If they do create their bomb, Father can disrupt them by throwing his axe before they have time to throw it.
We should kill these guys quickly, they’re able to heal from most wounds.
We should watch out when they power up their weapon with Seiðr magic. They can do a powerful triple slam attack.
He is slow but very sturdy. We should dodge his horizontal swings backwards and his vertical swings sideways and attack him in the time it takes to recover.
The Traveler has a magical rune. If we see him lift it in his hand, Father should throw his axe at it.
These Travelers must be a paranoid bunch, because they keep a huge shield on their back that will deflect any attempt to back stab him.
We’ll have to watch for him to turn and attack before striking him from the front.
These Nightmares come after me and try to take me out of the fight, but Father can stop them. Hopefully he will…
We can either dodge their shots, or interrupt them with an arrow or axe throw. The stronger ones can shoot faster.
These Nightmares try their hardest to possess other enemies, making those enemies a lot stronger.
If we stun or kill a possessed enemy, it will force the possessing Nightmare out of their body.
They can poison us, and we need to be extra careful of their leaping attack.
The Brood explode when they die. We can use this to damage and knock away any nearby enemies.
Her pestilence powder leaves poison hazards in the environment. If Father steps in them, he’ll be damaged and poisoned.
Her fissure attack can move around obstacles to hit us. Father has a better chance of dodging if he waits until it’s closer.
She tries to summon Nightmares often, so we need to make sure we interrupt her to avoid being overrun by them.
Her powder smokescreen clouds can blind us, and they provide cover for her follow-up attacks. We should avoid them as much as we possibly can.
When Father throws his axe at a Tatzelwurm as it burrows towards him, it’ll pop them out of the ground.
Launching and attacking Tatzelwurms as they dig into the ground will stop them from burrowing for a short time.
Their spit is highly poisonous, even on the ground. Throwing the axe with [HeavyAttackButton] will freeze them and keep them from burrowing underground.
Attacks that slam the ground can pop nearby Tatzelwurms out of their burrows.
This Ogre has a very quick tell before he attacks. Father can use that to get out of the way.
Father is strong enough to block one of his attacks, but it takes some time for him to recover. Smarter to avoid it altogether.
If Father can goad an Ogre into using their jump smash, it’ll take them a couple of moments to recover if they miss. I just hope they miss.
Getting behind an Ogre is a good opportunity for Father to do some damage. But if they turn and see him, they’ll definitely attack.
A Wulver’s howl is a sign they are going into a frenzy, where they can attack with incredible speed.
If Father finds himself caught in the Wulver’s frenzy attack, I may be able to draw the Wulver’s attention with a well placed arrow.
When a Wulver crouches on all fours, they become very difficult to hit. We need to be on our guard and not leave ourselves open to counter attack.
The other Wulver gets a lot faster after it starts howling. This one seems to get a lot stronger. We should be really, really careful after this one starts howling.
These enemies become enraged and super aggressive when you’re frosted. Father should do his best to avoid their frost blast attack.
If these things do manage to freeze us, we should stay on the defensive until it passes.
Hel-Walkers with shields can block just about anything. Father can use his Block Break skill to break their guard.
Father should throw his axe at their feet to get around their shields and trip them up.
These enemies will deflect Father’s frost axe attacks. He’ll have to use his fists instead to stun them.
Hel-Walkers seem to draw their power from the frost, which makes Father’s axe pretty weak against them. Good thing he’s strong with his fists, too. I wish we had a fire weapon.
Their projectiles are quick but don’t stun us. If we rush them, we can take them out of the equation early.
I should be able to help Father with these enemies. Just like their projectiles disrupt his movements, my bow can disrupt theirs.
They can cast an ice wall as cover. Father can throw the axe when they pop up behind cover, or throw it past them and recall it to hit them from behind.
Their ice walls do more than just provide cover: if we get too close, they can detonate it. We should try to deal with them from range.
Father can dodge his mace depending on the type of swing. Looks like it’s best to dodge horizontal swings backwards, and the vertical swings sideways.
If he misses his overhead attack, his mace gets stuck in the ground and he’s open for an attack.
The Undead Travelers are more aggressive than the regular ones. Ranged attacks are tricky, because he sprints right at us.
We can whittle down his armor if we stay close and dodge his strikes. But when he charges up his sword for an overhead strike, it’s time to move!
They’ll look straight up before firing their ice projectile, so we should either get out of the way or hit them with Father’s axe (or my arrows).
When Father throws his axe at Nightmares, it knocks them closer to the ground. Then he can use melee attacks to finish them off.
Their air slam attacks can leave us slowed. If they’re up in the air, steer clear.
The Brood are extremely weak to Father’s Runic Attacks.
Her icy fissure attacks damage and freeze Father. We’ll have to avoid them if we want to be able to take her down.
We can either interrupt, outrun, or dodge her ice-breath attack – it can freeze Father and leave him idle and vulnerable to attacks.
Dark Elves like to attack as a group. When Father lands a heavy hit or parries, it tends to break the swarm.
If we can freeze or weaken the Dark Elves, it will prevent them from using air recoveries when launched.
We should watch out for their charge attacks. They can cause temporary blindness. It’s hard to fight when you can’t see anything!
They are much easier to kill when grounded. Tripping them up seems to work pretty well.
When he spins his weapon, it means he’s about to call in more Dark Elves. We should stop him before he slams it into the ground.
He can block axe throws, but if we catch him off guard, Father’s heavy axe throw will freeze him and negate his speed.
It’s so strong and has thick armor, but leaves itself open after certain attacks.
If we can freeze or weaken it, it won’t be able to recover in the air when launched or knocked out of aerial attacks.
Father can hit them twice on the same axe throw; once on the throw and again on the recall.
These would make good target practice for me and my bow. A couple of arrows would probably bring them down.
Spoils of War
Options
New Game
Continue
Load Game
Sony Interactive Entertainment
presents
Blades imbued with the flames of the Underworld. A relic of Kratos’s past.
Weighted Recovery Handle
Feathers of the Fallen Servant
Hamingja Essence
Reaver
These were just normal human Reavers once, but they look like they’ve been corrupted by Seiðr magic. When did this start happening?
Shadow
These were human Reavers, but now that they’ve embraced the ways of the Seiðr, they can throw magic spells at a distance.
Viken
These Seiðr Reavers like to use big maces when they fight. Mom always referred to them as “Vikens,” for some reason.
Traveler
They wear really strong armor, have huge swords, and are one of the toughest enemies we’ve faced. Who are they, and what do they want with us? Mom never mentioned the Travelers. I hope we don’t have to fight too many of them.
Traveler Champion
This Traveler has a huge shield on his back, which makes breaking through his extremely tough armor even tougher.
Wulver
They look like wolves, but they stand upright like humans and are a lot smarter. And stronger. And faster. Their fur is so dense, it makes them tough to put down. They remind me a little of those Berserkers that Father put down last summer… but wolves instead of bears.
Fierce Wulver
This looks like an even tougher breed of Wulver. They’re smarter, too. Really, really dangerous creatures. Glad my bowstring has some magic in it, otherwise I’m not sure how we’d bring these stronger ones down.
?????????
What is this thing? It looked like a Reaver, but its voice sounds so strange… Even Father doesn’t know.
Hel-Reaver Guard
It’s a Hel-Reaver, but it carries a shield and it knows how to use it. Guess they aren’t completely mindless.
Hel-Reaver Lord
These must’ve been strong Reavers back when they were alive. Now that they’re dead they are even stronger Hel-Reavers.
Hel-Shadow Archer
It’s like one of the Shadows, but it uses ice magic like a thrown spear. Must be one of the Hel-Walkers.
Hel-Shadow Scout
It acts like a Shadow, but uses ice magic instead of Seiðr magic. Definitely a Hel-Walker.
Hel-Viken
It’s a Viken, but a dead one. So, a Hel-Viken? This Hel-Walker is just as strong as its Seiðr counterpart. Maybe even stronger.
Hel-Traveler
I didn’t think the Travelers could get much worse, but it looks like death wasn’t enough to keep this one down. In fact, it’s even MORE aggressive than the other Travelers we’ve seen. I guess even Travelers can become Hel-Walkers.
Return to the Witch’s Cave
We need to find a boat and go towards Thor’s statue.
Talk to the Witch in her house
We need to talk to Freya.
Bestiary Updated
New Entry Added
New Tip Added
Go to the Serpent’s horn
Turns out the nice Witch is the goddess Freya of the Vanir! Father’s angry that she didn’t tell us… but she did bring back Mimir. I have so many questions for him! We’re going back to the Lake of Nine to talk to the World Serpent again, since Mimir speaks his language. I wonder if I could learn it too?
Forbidden Grip of the Ages
An ancient relic that increases all of Kratos’s Stats. Adds a concussive wave to the end of the [LightAttackButton] combo.
Explosive Grips of Fire
Low Perk activation chance to strike with a fiery explosion that inflicts BURN damage to all nearby enemies on any successful Blades hit.
Grips of the Cursed Flame
Low Perk activation chance to plant a 3-second delayed fire bomb on enemies on any successful Blades hit.
Weightless Grips of Protection
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a protective barrier on successfully landing Rising Fury on an enemy.
Weightless War Handles
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on successfully landing Rising Fury on an enemy.
Precision War Handles
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on successfully landing Spear of Chaos on an airborne enemy.
Precision Grips of Fortification
Precision Recovery Handles
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE on successfully landing Spear of Chaos on an airborne enemy.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on successfully landing Spear of Chaos on an airborne enemy.
Deadly War Handles
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on any successful kill.
Deadly Grips of Protection
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE on any successful kill.
Deadly Grips of Magic
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC on any successful kill.
Deadly Grips of Vitality
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Health Burst on any successful kill.
Deadly Recovery Handles
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful kill.
Deadly Grips of Fury
Low Perk activation chance to grant a Rage Burst on any successful kill.
Grips of the Forgotten Flame
Brok
Moderate Perk activation chance on any successful hit to grant Aura of Fire, increasing [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and restoring a small amount of Health.
We met this Dwarf on our way to the Mountain, and he’s a blacksmith. A famous blacksmith, apparently. He made the Leviathan Axe! He upgraded it for Father, too. He was a little rude and grouchy, but I kind of like him anyway. I hope we see him again!
Sindri
Sindri’s also a famous blacksmith, but he and his brother are really different. Sindri REALLY doesn’t like dirt and grime. Weird trait for a blacksmith Dwarf, but he’s just as talented as his brother. I wonder why they don’t get along?
Blightguard
Andvari
Low Perk activation chance to strike with an explosive curse that inflicts WEAKNESS to enemies on any successful hit.
Andvari wasn’t very helpful at first, but something about seeing that dead Soul Eater in the Landsuther Mines made him realize he was being kind of a jerk. I think he feels guilty because he and some other Dwarves were experimenting with Ancients there, and they accidentally created Soul Eaters. Glad we didn’t have to fight any more.
Anyway, his soul is still trapped in a ring. Brok wanted to melt him down (he can be so mean sometimes!), but I convinced Father to keep him, and now he’s part of our group. Father even uses Andvari’s soul as an Enchantment sometimes. Must be hard being trapped in a piece of jewelry, but Andvari doesn’t complain TOO much. I’ve gotten pretty good at ignoring him.
Motsògnir
Grips of the Valkyrie
The Dwarf King. One of the Sons of Ivaldi. He ruled over humans both in Veithurgard and Konùnsgard. He was a good king at first, but then he started having dreams about his people dying. For some reason, he thought forcing them to hunt deadly beasts was the way to save them. He captured three dragons to harvest their ‘Fury’, killed innocent people to harvest their ‘Screams’, and was then killed by those very same people when they returned as Hel-Walkers. That created ‘Ultimate Sacrifice.’ We can use these three ingredients to create some kind of legendary armor.
Baldur
Baldur… He’s one of the Aesir. Odin’s son, Thor’s brother. He came to our house and fought Father and Father killed him. Or… so we thought. Supposedly he can’t feel pain. And now he’s hunting us with his nephews, but we don’t know why.
Low Perk activation chance on any successful Blades hit to grant Power of the Valkyrie, increasing [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC. (Stacks up to 3 times max.)
Witch of the Woods
We met a Witch in the Woods who knows the old magic! Turns out the magic boar is her friend. She was mad that I shot him at first, but we were able to save his life. She lives under a giant turtle creature (who’s also her friend) and she seems really nice.
Magni
Evasive Defense
The older son of Thor. He had a huge sword, could use the power of lightning, and was really mean. Father killed him.
Modi
Evasive Runic
The younger son of Thor, and a relentless creep. He also can shoot lightning, and uses a mace and shield. He ran off after Father killed his brother, Magni, but I bet we haven’t seen the last of him. I’ll kill him next time I see him.
Evasive Strength
Otr
Evasive Health Burst
Evasive Cooldown
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN on any successful last-second evade.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Health Burst on any successful last-second evade.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH on any successful last-second evade.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC on any successful last-second evade.
Moderate Perk activation chance to grant a Gift of [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE on any successful last-second evade.
Mom once told me a story about Otr; he was a Dwarf who could turn into an otter (which is how he got his name, I guess). Is this the same Otr? How did he become a dragon? I’d ask Father, but I know he doesn’t care. It’s when I have so many questions like this… that’s when I miss Mother the most.
Reginn
Reginn was captured by the Dwarf King and forced to act as Sentry of Konùnsgard. He’s not very good at it; there are monsters everywhere. I guess that’s what happens when you force a dragon to stand guard against his will. The Dwarf King must’ve wanted to capture these dragons for a different purpose…
Fáfnir
Fáfnir was a Dwarf. One of the Sons of Ivaldi, according to Mimir. But he was very greedy, and his greed turned him into a dragon. It sounds ridiculous, but I saw him with my own eyes… he was a dragon! I wonder if it was painful to turn from Dwarf to dragon? How long did it take? I had a bunch of questions for him, but he flew off before I could ask any.
Gullveig
A spirit convinced me that Gullveig, a powerful witch that was killed a long time ago, could “reunite” us with Mother. Father didn’t believe him. I shouldn’t have either… but for a chance to see Mom again, it seemed like we should give it a try, right?
Once we collected all her bones, Gullveig was resurrected, and said she’d reunite us, “In death!” And then attacked us. We killed her, obviously. I was really upset with myself. How could I fall for such an obvious lie? But Father said to “take it as a lesson,” so that’s what I’m gonna do. No more trusting spirits.
Dragons
Valkyries
Gunnr
Mimir said of Gunnr: “Mistress of War. After any conflict, big or small, she would be first on the scene, sussing out the worthy spirits for a free trip to Valhalla. A gruesome task, but she took great pride in it. Her judgement of the fallen was unparalleled, and an invaluable resource to Odin. She was one of his favorites.”
Geirdriful
Mimir said of Geirdriful: “Master of Arms in Valhalla. Responsible for arming and training Odin’s einherjar. His army, come Ragnarök. The einherjar wait in the great hall, endlessly feasting, drinking and fu— ahem uh… fornicating themselves silly. Once Ragnarök begins, Odin calls them into service to fight on his behalf. Geirdriful had her hands full, training that lot.”
Eir
Mimir said of Eir: “The Healer. Strange, for a Valkyrie. Very quiet. Very calm. Where her sisters were violent rapids, Eir was a gentle stream. She healed the wounds of both mortals and gods… and even a certain all-knowing sage who once drank too much and fell off a mountain.”
Prayer to Odin
Beware of Seiðr
“Find here our sacrifice, mighty Allfather, and deliver Midgard from Hel’s wild hunt. Odin, wisest of all, whose breath gave life to Ask and Embla, first among our people, we beg your protection. Send forth your noble Valkyries and cull the deathless. Send forth your noble sons, Thor and Baldur, to shield us. Send forth dragons to consume the frigid horde. Save our souls that we may serve you evermore.”\n\nI don’t think Odin got the message. Or he didn’t care…
“Beware of Seiðr and those who practice it! Their sorcery is insidious and ever-changing, and so are the souls who master it. The more power they summon, the less they are themselves.”\n\nIs that how they turn into Revenants?
The Light of Alfheim
“From the light we are born, and to light we return. The light is the river of souls, transforming us, consuming us, transcending life and death. The light is the truth. The light is all.”\n\nOKAY! The light sounds great but maybe it also makes you crazy?
The Great Mountain
“When the mountain was cold, it was Meløða and Ǫnþreis who gave it life. Wandering souls from distant lands, who had tasted of the Mead of Poetry and in search of inspiration found each other—and in each other, found great love. To the summit of Midgard’s great mountain, a secret bridge was built. Here they would make their hearth and fortress—to live free of prophecy, and know only themselves and each other. The mountain became a shelter for the outcast and the artist, for Jötnar and new friends made. And to this beacon many more souls made pilgrimage. Even now, as we shelter from the storm, let none forget the beckoning spirit of the mountain that was.”\n\nSounds like the mountain used to be pretty amazing… Mom always did love artists.
Rites of Fjörgyn
“Here we bear witness to the funeral rites of Fjörgyn of the Jötnar, goddess of the earth and trees. For her beauty she was seduced, for her love she was betrayed, and for her gift of life, her life was claimed. To the summit and across the bridge she shall be borne, where nevermore the Thunder may find her.”\n\nDid Thor kill his own mother?! Was that the first Giant he killed? What does it mean??
The Long, Cruel War
“Here fell Nerthus of the Vanir, slain by Magni and Modi, sons of Thor. The Jötnar bear witness to the cruelty of this Long War. Neither Aesir nor Vanir may triumph, it is foreseen -- but what may be left of Midgard before they lay down arms?”\n\nThe Giants wanted peace… no wonder they liked Týr so much…
Prayer to Frigg
“Hail Frigg! Generous Frigg, who gave the world her brightest light — young Baldur, gleaming god, pride of the Aesir, Odin-Son and heir to Asgard. Long may she protect him. Long may he protect us. Hail Baldur the Golden. Hail Frigg, beloved of all! Hail Odin Allfather!”\n\nSeems like nobody who counted on the Aesir is still around…
Motsògnir’s Throne
“After many winters, the Stronghold of Konùnsgard is complete! Mótsognir has invited all citizens to attend the grand ceremony in the throne room. There we await the calming words of our King, who promises everlasting safety and prosperity.
This new land is even more fertile than Veithurgard. And with Reginn as our stalwart sentry, we fear naught from the Reavers, Dark Elves, nor any malevolent force! The reign of King Mótsognir is truly blessed by Týr himself! All Hail the Dwarf King, Protector of Man!”
Huh, sounds like they actually liked this Dwarf King. The people in Veithurgard sure didn’t… I wonder what changed?
Reginn of Konùnsgard
“Much like Otr of Veithurgard, Reginn has been conscripted as Head Sentry of Konùnsgard. Though he may occasionally struggle against his bindings, he takes great pride in his task. His thunderous breath, while extraordinarily dangerous, is merely his way of expressing pride. However, do take caution during weekly maintenance of the Dragon Shrines; Reginn will attempt to use his breath on you. This is not meant as an attack; it is merely his own cheeky way of passing the time. But make sure you vacate the area immediately, because it will kill you.
All rumors that Reginn’s presence attracts the Dark Elves of Alfheim is pure fiction. King Mótsognir will protect us from all beasts, as he has done time and time again.”
Yeah… I don’t believe any of this.
Ruins of Veithurgard
“Nothing remains of Veithurgard except the ruins of Mótsognir’s cruelty. The once fertile soil is barren, soaked with the blood of both hunters and the hunted. It was The ‘Noble’ Dwarf King himself who demanded the bloodshed. He who conscripted the gentle farmers of these lands into an army of ill-equipped hunters; he whose thirst for savage beasts produced a legion of widows.
The castle still stands for those foolish enough to scavenge, wherein dwells the deadliest of his quarry. Let caution guide you.”
Yikes… Doesn’t sound like a very nice place. Father will probably want to visit anyways to look for useful resources. He’s gotten a little predictable, but I’m still having fun seeing new places with him.
An Unbreakable Chain
“Otr has escaped his binds yet again. Instead of flying off this time, he seeks revenge on his captors, and is determined to turn Veithurgard to ash. We seek shelter in the outlying caves where we’ve found sanctuary in the past.
Our King assures us his next chain will be unbreakable. If anyone can build an unbreakable chain, it’s Mótsognir. Architect of the great Stronghold of Konùnsgard! Leader of a glorious new age in Veithurgard! All Hail the Dwarf King, Protector of Man!”
These people seem a little friendlier… for all the good it did them.
Cost of the Hunt
“Six Wolves – Two men. Lo do they call to me.
Thirteen Draugr – Nine men. Lo do they call to me.
Three Tatzelwurms – Six men. Lo do they call to me.
One Troll – One and forty men. Lo do they call to me.
One Dragon – Nine and ninety men. Lo do they call to me.”
Sounds like these people weren’t very good at hunting. Maybe they should’ve just stuck with deer and boar.
The Gravedigger
“While I throw dirt on the mangled citizens of Veithurgard, Mótsognir looks upon his newly caged beast with a gleeful fervor. I curse his name. The Dwarf King set the capture of trolls and dragons above the safety of his own followers. The same followers who served and revered him, hunted these monsters, and died, forgotten.
My attempt to free the beast failed, and Mótsognir’s punishment was swift: I am banned from Konùnsgard. Demoted to town gravedigger. A fitting end for a once proud hunter, whose prey hastened the fall of Veithurgard.”
—Berhtolt
The Hunt for Death
“We baited the beast with a stuck fawn. Her cries echoed on the morning breeze. It did not take long for Death’s Hammer to approach. The smell of burnt grass, the bleating of the dying fawn, the fear of imminent death… many could not hold their breakfast. When it stepped into the clearing, our attack was swift.
The vanguard died instantly, burned to ash. No time to react, the hunt continued as we led the enraged troll to the Lake of Nine. There we subdued it, but not before losing thirty more men.
Upon our return, King Mótsognir proclaimed a week of celebration. The festivities were sparsely attended, though not for lack of pride in the victory. The population of Veithurgard had just been reduced by a quarter. I fear this sad irony was lost on the Dwarf.”
—Berhtolt
The Curse of Ivaldi
“Turn back! Upon this place sits the curse of Ivaldi, whose talents threatened the gods of Asgard. The mists of Niflheim were made a weapon by my father’s alchemy, and turned upon their creator. His skill as an inventor and craftsman were unrivaled… but it was his talent and genius which drew the ire of the Aesir in the first place. Therefore I, Mótsognir, renounce this place. I renounce dwarvenkind. I am off to seek refuge and self-imposed exile in Midgard. Those who do not flee this realm will join my father in the grave.”
—Mótsognir, Son of Ivaldi
Completed
Ivaldi’s armor was the peak of Niflheim craftsmanship, but this set is small and has grown decrepit. Sindri may be able to make use of it.
Anchor of Fog
To hide his machinations from Odin, Ivaldi crafted devices that could pull anything from Niflheim back to its home. Use (with caution) to open Realm Tears in Niflheim.
Talisman of the Empowering Rift
Talisman of the Empowering Rift
Upgrade Talisman of the Empowering Rift
The Charm of Infinite Storms
The Charm of Infinite Storms
The Charm of Infinite Storms IV
Upgrade The Charm of Infinite Storms
Proceed through the gate to the mountain
We met Brok, a Dwarf, who made Mother’s axe. Glad we have a friend out here as we try to reach the mountain.
Brok has upgraded the Mystic Gateways.\n\nTwo way travel is now available.
Kill
Skill
World
Crafting
Muspelheim
Codex Updated!
New Labor
Labor Milestone
Labor Complete!
Icy Upgrade
Upgrade the Leviathan Axe
New Recipes Unlocked
New Crafting Labor
Immolation
Perform attacks in quick succession without sustaining damage to power up the Blades of Chaos and inflict BURN damage on every hit. Bonus to [Icons:LUCK] LUCK and [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Furious Immolation
Increases the amount of Immolation gained on every successful Blades hit.
Low Perk activation chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE on any successful kill.
Elemental Explosion
Increases the size and damage caused by the Elemental Surge explosion, launching all enemies in range and inflicting additional BURN damage.
Engulfing Spear
The Spear of Chaos attack creates a minor fire explosion on contact, inflicting BURN damage.
Essence of Athena
Permanently increases [Icons:LUCK] LUCK by 10.
Essence of Ares
Permanently increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH by 10.
Essence of Zeus
Permanently increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC by 10.
Deadly Grips of Magic
Deadly Grips of Magic
Upgrade Deadly Grips of Magic
Deadly Recovery Handles
Deadly Recovery Handles
Upgrade Deadly Recovery Handles
Upgrade Deadly Grips of Protection
Deadly Grips of Protection
Deadly Grips of Protection
Friends
Spear of Chaos
While aiming, Press [LightAttackButton] to impale an enemy and yank them towards Kratos.
Elemental Overcharge
While aiming, Hold [HeavyAttackButton] to charge the Blades of Chaos even further and release a powerful Elemental Slash inflicting massive BURN damage in a wide area.
Spartan Stomp
(In Spartan Rage) Press [BlockButton] to do a quick stomp that damages and disrupts all nearby enemies.
Fury Beatdown
(In Spartan Rage) Continue Pressing [LightAttackButton] to extend the length of punches after a Fury Strike.
Deadly Grips of Fury
Deadly Grips of Fury
Upgrade Deadly Grips of Fury
Precision War Handles
Precision War Handles
Upgrade Precision War Handles
Precision Grips of Fortification
Precision Grips of Fortification
Upgrade Precision Grips of Fortification
Precision Recovery Handles
Precision Recovery Handles
Upgrade Precision Recovery Handles
Explosive Grips of Fire
Explosive Grips of Fire
Upgrade Explosive Grips of Fire
Grips of the Cursed Flame
Grips of the Cursed Flame
Upgrade Grips of the Cursed Flame
Weightless War Handles
Weightless War Handles
Upgrade Weightless War Handles
Deadly War Handles
Deadly War Handles
Upgrade Deadly War Handles
Ivaldi’s Workshop
These cursed ruins hold rare Mist Echoes used for crafting magnificent armor.
The enemies, traps and treasures will reset upon your return.
Escape with what you can, lest the Workshop claim you as another victim.
Chaotic Concussion
Press [HeavyAttackButton] after the Chaotic Flurry attack to perform a powerful follow-up stab that plants a detonating bomb on any enemies hit, inflicting additional BURN damage.
If multiple Exploding Nightmares are grouped together, taking down one of them will set off an explosion, killing them all.
Gameplay
Light Attack
Interact
Evade
Heavy Attack
Block / Parry
Aim
Son Action
Axe Recall
Göndul
Mimir said of Göndul: “The sight of Göndul always took my breath away. Göndul had a silver tongue, a sharp wit, and struck a figure so stunning, it literally drove men insane. Odin forbid her from setting foot in Midgard after a time, as insanity is not a welcome trait in Valhalla.”
Hildr
Mimir said of Hildr: “Mistress of Battle. She and Odin got on quite well, actually. Her and the other Valkyries… not so much. She would spend most of her time here in Midgard, observing discord between the living, and stirring some up herself from time to time. She lived for conflict. Some say she WAS conflict, personified. I wonder what will become of her, now that she’s free.”
Olrun
Mimir said of Olrun: “Once the daughter of a powerful chieftain, she fell defending him during a Reaver attack. Olrun was escorted to Valhalla, where she chose to devote her after-life to the pursuit of knowledge above all else. Quite unusual behavior amongst the constant drinking and feasting of her fellow Valhallian-denizens. Odin saw a kindred spirit in Olrun’s single-minded pursuit of knowledge and appointed her as the Valkyrie’s resident historian.”
Kara
Mimir said of Kara: “Wild Storm personified. Calm and collected… Then the air would shift, and the fury of her storm would unleash. ’Twas beautiful, in a way, assuming you could find proper shelter. Her tears would cleanse the blood-soaked battlefields.”
Ròta
Mimir said of Ròta: “One of the Choosers of the Slain. Ròta was the first to go mad after being imprisoned in a physical form. Sigrun stashed her in Helheim to keep her away from harming herself or others. Mostly others.”
Sigrun
Mimir said of Sigrun: “Queen of the Valkyries, although she does not appear to refer to herself as such. When Freya, the original Queen Valkyrie, lost her wings to Odin, Sigrun grudgingly took the position in her stead. Now she is free to reunite the Valkyries and attempt to stem the tide of the dead flowing into Midgard.”
The Soul Eaters
“Removing an Ancient’s soul and domesticating it as a beast of burden was surprisingly easy. They followed my every command, and appeared to possess no free will, sense of self-preservation, or even hunger. Well… not until it turned poor Lit into ashes. Not even his soul remained.
A lack of their own must be what drives them to immolate the souls of others. My ‘Soul Eaters’ are an abomination. Several were sent to Muspelheim at the request of Surtr; what he will use them for, I shudder to consider. Another to Mótsognir at Konùnsgard; that fool can burn for all I care.  My immediate concern is the Dwarves of the Völunder Mines.  I pray I’m not too late to undo my mistake.”
—Andvari
This is the second troll we’ve seen so far. I had no idea they were so close to our house! They’ve never bothered us before… but I guess we never bothered them either. Mother said if I ever saw a troll, I should run the other way. Guess she never said that to Father.
We killed this one while trying to restore the Jötunheim Tower to the Lake of Nine in all the realms. When the doors opened to Muspelheim, I guess he wanted to see what was happening.  Why is every troll’s first and only instinct to attack?
This must have been the other Grendel’s brother? Or maybe “The Ashes” is a different kind of title that the Fire Trolls use to honor their kind. There’s so much we don’t know about trolls… but I guess the most important thing to know is that they are all trying to kill us, so we have to kill them first. That’s what Father would say, anyways.
Option
Hold [JoystickL] back
then press [L3]
Press [LightAttackButton] + [HeavyAttackButton]
Press Touch Pad Button
Press [DownButton]
Interact / Evade
Combat
Quick Turn
Difficulty
Ambient Camera Sway
Camera reticle snaps to nearest target when aiming is initiated
Combat camera hard lock and soft lock (default) settings
Camera will automatically track groups of enemies when strafing.
Recenter Camera on Attack
Camera will automatically orient behind Kratos if hitting enemies to his left or right.
Music Volume
Dialogue Volume
SFX Volume
Subtitles
The Black Rune
Find the secret Jötunheim travel rune in Týr’s vault.
Enemies gain power over time - levels increase overtime
Defeat 100 enemies
Enemies in close proximity drain Health overtime
Enemies only take damage inside gold rings
Stand inside the gold rings for an offering to the gods
Enemies strike with 100 focus
Defeat the enemies without runic magic
Quickly defeat foes with son abilities
Abilities/Skills can only be used once
Enemies only take damage for combination attack
Enemies apply slow on each strike
Enemies apply burn on each strike
Enemies quickly regenerate from any injury
Quickly headshot 10 times in a row without missing
Defeat all foes with one continuous combination attack
Enemies drop fragments collect them before time runs out
Defeat the enemy with a single air combo
Enemies only take damage while airborne
Protect the flame and defeat all enemies
Enemies have a protective barrier when in close proximity to each other
Enemies are immune to fire damage
Enemies are immune to ice damage
Enemies switch between BURN and FROST damage immunity
Enemies have a shield that can only can be broken with fire
Enemies have a shield that can only can be broken with ice
Quickly preform three Executioner’s Cleave kills
Kill all enemies before your Health reaches zero, each kill restores health
Enemies briefly become invulnerable when hit
Headphone Mode (Stereo Only)
Speakers
Headphones
New Scroll Found
A Son’s Regret
“Dad,
While you were off hunting and pillaging, Granddad raised me. Taught and cared for me. I loved him—and you stabbed him in the back. I hated you. But time has a way of changing things.
The clan celebrated. They spat on his kind spirit; saw it as proof of weak leadership. And as much as I hate to admit it, the Hræzla Farmaðr thrived with you at the helm.
As a boy, I made an oath to the Nornir that I would avenge him. My skill with a blade grew, and you finally began to notice me. We grew closer. But the Nornir do not suffer broken oaths. Not even those made by a grieving child.
Their chest outside Fáfnir’s Storeroom… it reminded me of that oath. So the cycle of betrayal continues. You killed the only father I ever knew, but even now… I regret my actions, and am filled with remorse. Forgive me.”
—Vandrid
Hold [AimButton] to aim then Press [LightAttackButton]\nto burn objects above you.
[L3] Show Descriptions
[L3] Hide Descriptions
Cuirass of the Valkyrie
Cuirass of the Valkyrie
Upgrade to increase Stats.
Gauntlets of the Valkyrie
Gauntlets of the Valkyrie
Upgrade to increase Stats.
Waist Guard of the Valkyrie
Waist Guard of the Valkyrie
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
He has to create his projectile before launching it, if either of us can interrupt his attack, he’ll have to create it again.
Draugr fight with dangerous weapons, but they aren’t very skilled with them. Not like Father and his axe.  If we watch their movements, it should be easy to dodge or block their attacks.
These basic Draugr aren’t very fast or strong. We can dodge or block them, and take them down pretty easily.
The Hræzla Farmaðr
“To know the Hræzla Farmaðr is to know the brutal history of these lands. Before the Great Flood, before the Desolation, men lived peacefully in Midgard. The dead stayed dead, Draugr were a rarity, and the use of Seiðr magic was considered deeply shameful. The Hræzla Farmaðr is of the Old Ways; when a man’s worth is measured by how well he swings a blade. Strength—our highest virtue. These are harsh lands, and they are no place for the weak. The strong will prosper in life, and in death, join the ranks of the einherjar in Valhalla. The weak will scrape and suffer a meager existence, joining the ranks of unworthy in the depths of Helheim. Such is the cycle of life, ’til Ragnarök comes.”
Harsh. They sound about as friendly as a pack of Wulvers.
Japanese
English (United States)
French
Spanish (España)
German
Italian
Dutch
Portuguese (Portugal)
Russian
Korean
Chinese (Traditional)
Chinese (Simplified)
Finnish
Swedish
Danish
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese (Brasil)
English (United Kingdom)
Turkish
Spanish (Latinoamérica)
Arabic
French
Czech
Hungarian
Greek
Romanian
Thai
Vietnamese
Indonesian
Text Language
Speech Language
Guardian Shield
Hold to Track Favor
Tracking this will untrack the current Favor
Additional Bonus
Brawler
Shield Combat
Commander
Ranged Combat
Warrior
Close Combat
Ranger
Magic Combat
Tactician
Expert Combat
Ravager
Melee Combat
Berserker
Elemental Combat
Hel-Reaver
First, it was a human Reaver. Then we killed it. It died in battle, so shouldn’t the Valkyries have taken it to Valhalla? But they didn’t… it just came back as something else.
Before she died, I overheard Mother telling Father that, “The Hel-Walkers were returning.” Is this what she was talking about? People rising from the dead? Father doesn’t seem to know (or care) much about it. Since this thing used to be a Reaver, I’ll call them, “Hel-Reavers.”
© 2018 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC. God of War is a registered trademark of Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC.
“I hear many rumors during my travels. And while rumors have no place along the Path, their consistency gives them credence. I hear of three dragons, imprisoned in Midgard. One in Veithurgard, one in Konùnsgard, and one in a hidden ravine alongside the Lake of Nine. Should the rumors be true, these dragons are surely worth investigating.”
New Kill Labor
New Skill Labor
New Recipes Available
Crafting Labor Complete!
Axe Upgrade Available
Blades Upgrade Available
New Artifact Set
Artifact Found
Muspelheim Trials
Draugr Killed: %d of %d
Labor Milestone: Bronze
Labor Milestone: Silver
100 Draugr Kills
Wolves Killed: %d of %d
Enemies Cleaved: %d of %d \n
Cleave enemies by holding [HeavyAttackButton] with the axe.
Revenants Killed: %d of %d
25 Revenant Kills
Reavers Killed: %d of %d
50 Reaver Kills
10 Viken Kills
Vikens Killed: %d of %d
Shadows Killed: %d of %d
50 Shadow Kills
Tatzelwurms Killed: %d of %d
Frozen Enemies Shattered: %d of %d \n
Freeze enemies by throwing your axe at them with [HeavyAttackButton] and then attack them when frozen.
Dark Elves Killed: %d of %d
50 Dark Elf Kills
Trolls Killed: %d of %d
6 Troll Kills
2 Ancient Kills
Gold: Kill 6 Ancients
Ogres Killed: %d of %d
Allies Summoned: %d of %d \n
Hold down [SonActionButton] to summon mystical allies.
Wulvers Killed: %d of %d
Gold: Kill 1000 Enemies
Nightmares Killed: %d of %d
Burning Enemies Killed: %d of %d \n
Kill enemies while they burn.
Travelers Killed: %d of %d
Talisman Abilities Activated: %d of %d \n
Use your Talisman Abilities by Pressing [BlockButton] + [InteractButton].
Attacks Parried: %d of %d \n
Parry incoming attacks by blocking with [BlockButton] at the perfect time.
Enemies Tripped: %d of %d \n
There are several ways to trip enemies. Try throwing your axe with [LightAttackButton] at their legs.
Enemies Wall Pinned: %d of %d \n
Wall Pin Enemies by throwing your axe with [HeavyAttackButton] when smaller enemies are close to walls.
Enemies Stun Grabbed: %d of %d \n
When enemies are STUNNED and flash red, Press [R3] to grab them and deal massive damage.
Aura of Fire
High Perk activation chance to grant a boost to [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and a burst of Health when Kratos’s Health drops to a critical level.
Soul Eater
They look almost exactly like Ancients, but there’s something… off about them. Mom always called the Soul Eaters, “Dangerous abominations.” She never said a bad word about ANY living creature (even poisonous bugs!), so her saying that always stuck with me. I wish I could tell her Father and I killed one.
Dark Soul Eater
An Ancient whose soul has been removed by dark Dwarven magic. It’s stronger than a regular Soul Eater, and even THOSE still terrify me.
Frost Ancient
We ran into a Frost Ancient on our way up the Mountain. Before this journey, I thought all the Ancients were made of fire and rock, but I guess it’s just the rock part they all share. This one must have originally been part of the Mountain itself. I bet it got tired of being a mountain, and one day just got up and walked away.
Ice Ancient
An Ancient in the ice and snow… I wonder if they have thoughts like we do? I can’t hear any. They don’t have mouths or ears… none that I can see, anyways. They’re mostly pretty peaceful, unless we attack first. I’d never say this to Father, but I wish we could just leave them alone.
Stone Ancient
One of the Ancients… I can’t believe it! Did Mom know they were still alive? They’re, well… ancient! Supposedly they’re a part of Ymir himself, and they’ve been around since the beginning of time. I thought they were all in Midgard… I wonder why this one is in Alfheim?
Forest Ancient
We ran into an Ancient of the Forest on our way out of Fáfnir’s Storeroom. This one was walking around, instead of just hibernating like most of them do. Or maybe we woke it up while we were trying to get inside? These Ancients are kind of beautiful… I wish their hearts weren’t so valuable.
Fire Ancient
I could feel the heat off this one from the boat. I guess now we know what happened to all these broken ships…
Lava Ancient
This Ancient has been underwater for a long time… How does it keep its fire? And why didn’t it seek higher ground?  Maybe it goes into a kind of hibernation when it’s underwater?
Requires
HS
HP
Summary
Weakness
Requires %d Mist Echoes
Requires %d Mist Echoes\nRequires 1 Anchor of Fog
Requires %d Mist Echoes to unlock
Currently have %d Mist Echoes
Press [InteractButton] to accept sacrifice
Press [EvadeButton] to cancel
Requires %d Mist Echoes to unlock
Currently have %d Mist Echoes
and %d Anchors of Fog
Press [InteractButton] to accept sacrifice
Press [EvadeButton] to cancel
Rage Throw
Kill enemies while they are inside the gold rings\n %02d : %02d \n %d of %d killed
Time Remaining: \n
You have failed son is incapacitated \n
Defeat enemies to extend the timer\n Time Remaining: \n
Kill enemies within %02d : %02d
Enemies Remaining: %d \n%02d : %02d
You have failed to kill the enemies in time \n %02d : %02d
Enemies must be killed within a few seconds of each other to defeat them \n If they don’t all die soon after each other, they respawn. \n
Enemies will resurrect if other enemies are still alive \n Clear the wave to advance. \n Death Defiers Alive: %d
Challenge Failed
Survive %02d : %02d
Defeat opponents by Stunning them. \n Wave %d / %d
Elite is Invulnerable \n Active allies remaining: %d
Defeat 5 waves of enemies
Defeat 5 waves of enemies \n Wave %d / %d
Prevent enemies from capturing Atreus
Atreus Capture Count \n %d / %d
Defeat all the enemies before time expires \n Kills extend the timer up to 1 : 30 minutes
Defeat enemies to extend the timer \n %02d : %02d
Kill all the enemies without being hit
Enemies Remaining: \n %d
Járn Fótr
Mother said this troll lived in the Heart of the Mountain with the Giants, but there was a falling out one day and they cast him out. Makes sense to me; I wouldn’t want to live with a troll. Guess he moved back in when they left.
Dauði Hamarr
We found Dauði Hamarr trapped in a cage in Veithurgard. The Dwarf King had managed to capture him somehow. Why was he in this cage? We could have just let him rot down there, but…. even for a troll, that felt too cruel.
Bronze: Cleave 25 Enemies
Silver: Cleave 50 Enemies
\n
Bare-Handed
Stun Grab
Block Break
Arrow Toggle
Scorn Poles
Hel’s Bramble
Experience [EconomyXP]
Runic Attacks
Runic Attacks
Pommels
Permafrost
Artifacts
New Lesson
Bronze: Shatter 10 Frozen Enemies
Silver: Shatter 20 Frozen Enemies
Silver: Stun Grab 50 Enemies
Bronze: Stun Grab 25 Enemies
Bronze: Wall Pin 10 Enemies
Silver: Wall Pin 20 Enemies
Silver: Trip 50 Enemies
Bronze: Trip 25 Enemies
Bronze: Parry 25 Attacks
Silver: Parry 50 Attacks
Silver: Use Talisman Abilities 30 Times
Bronze: Use Talisman Abilities 15 Times
Bronze: Kill 15 Burning Enemies
Silver: Kill 30 Burning Enemies
Silver: Summon an Ally 30 times
Bronze: Summon an Ally 15 times
Bronze: Kill 15 Ravens
Silver: Kill 30 Ravens
Silver: Close 10 Realm Tears
Bronze: Close 5 Realm Tears
A King’s Last Words
“Tragic that my failure becomes apparent as the life flows out of me. The gods came to me as I slept, and demanded retribution for my father’s actions in Niflheim. My people… they who entrusted me to keep them safe… every damned night, visions of them mangled by all manner of beast. Only I could protect them—and only through building the Dvegræðikr.  I captured every deadly beast I could find, and set to building myth.
The dreams were very clear about the first two ingredients: Dragons’ Fury and Screams of the Innocent. Though many were sacrificed capturing the dragons, and the innocents’ screams were far worse than I ever imagined, all of it was for the greater good.
Of the third ingredient, my dreams were vague. Ultimate Sacrifice is all they would say. I hoped that forfeiting my morality during this damned search would be enough. Now I see it was my own sacrifice that was required.
Like my father before me, I’ve been such a fool.”
—Mótsognir, Son of Ivaldi
Bronze: Kill 100 Draugr
Silver: Kill 200 Draugr
Silver: Kill 30 Wolves
Bronze: Kill 15 Wolves
Bronze: Kill 5 Revenants
Silver: Kill 10 Revenants
Silver: Kill 150 Reavers
Bronze: Kill 75 Reavers
Bronze: Kill 5 Vikens
Silver: Kill 10 Vikens
Silver: Kill 50 Shadows
Bronze: Kill 25 Shadows
Bronze: Kill 15 Tatzelwurms
Silver: Kill 30 Tatzelwurms
Active
Silver: Kill 50 Dark Elves
Bronze: Kill 25 Dark Elves
Bronze: Kill 3 Trolls
Silver: Kill 6 Trolls
Silver: Kill 4 Ancients
Bronze: Kill 2 Ancients
Bronze: Kill 5 Ogres
Silver: Kill 10 Ogres
Silver: Kill 10 Wulvers
Bronze: Kill 5 Wulvers
Bronze: Kill 50 Nightmares
Silver: Kill 100 Nightmares
Silver: Kill 8 Travelers
Bronze: Kill 4 Travelers
Bronze: Kill 250 Enemies
Silver: Kill 500 Enemies
Gloom Nightmare
These Nightmares can blind us for a little bit. Just when I thought Nightmares couldn’t get any worse…
[Icons:HILT_VOLUNDER]  Rare Pommel
[EconomyXP]  3290
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  Epic Enchantment
[EconomyXP]  3290
[Icons:TALISMAN_BETRAYAL]  Rare Talisman
[EconomyXP]  3290
[Icons:HILT_HRAEZLA]  Legendary Pommel
[EconomyXP]  3290
[Icons:RUNIC_FIREWAVE]  Runic Attack - Fire of Ares
[Icons:ARMOR_SET]  Dwarven Armor Set Recipe
[EconomyXP]  3290
[Icons:ARMOR_SET]  Týr’s Waist Armor Recipe
[Icons:STEEL]  Týr’s Offering
[EconomyXP]  1880
[Icons:ARMOR_SET]  Týr’s Lost Gauntlets Recipe
[Icons:STEEL]  Týr’s Offering
[EconomyXP]  1880
[Icons:ARMOR_SET]  Týr’s Cuirass Recipe
[Icons:STEEL]  Týr’s Offering
[EconomyXP]  1880
[Icons:HILT_WARRIOR]  Common Pommel
[Icons:SCALES]  1 Corrupted Remnant
[EconomyXP]  1880
Eye of Runic Mastery
Valkyrie’s Bane
Eye of Runic Supremacy
Stone of Frost Mastery
Stone of Frost Supremacy
Stone of Fire Mastery
Stone of Fire Supremacy
Runic Protection
Taking damage during a Runic Attack reduces damage taken by 15% (stacks up to 50% max).
Runic Bulwark
Taking damage during a Runic Attack reduces damage taken by 30% (stacks up to 50% max).
Frost Mastery
Increases all FROST damage inflicted by 15% (stacks up to 50% max).
Frost Supremacy
Increases all FROST damage inflicted by 25% (stacks up to 50% max).
Increases all BURN damage inflicted by 15% (stacks up to 50% max).
Fire Mastery
Fire Supremacy
Increases all BURN damage inflicted by 25% (stacks up to 50% max).
Raging Fury
Increases the rate at which Rage is gained by 10% (stacks up to 30% max).
Raging Control
Reduces the Rage cost of using attacks while in Spartan Rage by 15% (stacks up to 45% max).
Momentum Mastery
Increases the rate of Permafrost or Immolation gain by 7% (stacks up to 21% max).
Stun Mastery
Increases STUN damage inflicted by 10% (stacks up to 30% max).
Fury Relic
Anger Relic
Critical Relic
Momentum Relic
Mark of Brilliant Force
Eye of Rage
Eye of Fury
Axe Throw Mastery
Increases damage of all axe throws by 6% (stacks up to 18% max).
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  Rare Enchantment
[Icons:DRAGON_TEAR]  Dragon Tear
[EconomyXP]  615
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  Rare Enchantment
[Icons:DRAGON_TEAR]  Dragon Tear
[EconomyXP]  615
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  Epic Enchantment
[Icons:DRAGON_TEAR]  Dragon Tear
[EconomyXP]  615
Eternal Frost
Unmeltable ice from the furthest reaches of Hel. Used to upgrade Pommels with FROST damage effects. Found in Treasure Map caches.
Unyielding Cinders
Unquenchable fire from the depths of Muspelheim. Used to upgrade Pommels with BURN damage effects. Found in Treasure Map caches.
Unstable Ore
A volatile substance that sparks on contact. Used to upgrade Pommels with explosive damage effects. Found in Treasure Map caches.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0
The Last Hunt
[EconomyXP]  350
[EconomyXP]  350
[EconomyXP]  615
[EconomyXP]  615
[EconomyXP]  615
[EconomyXP]  615
[EconomyXP]  1075
[Icons:ARMOR_SET]  Ancient Armor Set Recipe
[EconomyXP]  350
[Icons:ARMOR_SET]  Traveler Armor Set Recipe
[EconomyXP]  350
[EconomyXP]  350
Muspelheim Armor Set Recipe
[EconomyXP]  1200
[EconomyXP]  200 (Per Upgrade)
[EconomyXP]  1200
Using the Hel’s Touch Runic Attack grants a Blessing of [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
[EconomyXP]  200 (Per Upgrade)
[EconomyXP]  1880
On Completion:
[EconomyXP]  615
Per Dragon:
[EconomyXP]  100
“I used to live for the hunt. The excitement of stalking prey gave me a new purpose in life, one far more rewarding than the simple joy of watching crops grow. Each hunt gave me newfound confidence, and as my skill grew, so too did my arrogance.
I downed a particularly savage Tatzelwurm on this last hunt. The beast nearly gored me several times, and my blood was hot after so many close calls. I stood over its lifeless body, too occupied with my triumph to notice its mate behind me—a mistake that cost me dearly.
As the poison works its way to my heart, I reflect on the path my life took after the Dwarf King landed in Veithurgard, and formed his army of hunters. He gave me new purpose in life, true… but I would trade it all to spend one more day with my family as a simple farmer.”
Land of Kings
“Despite Otr’s presence, monsters continue to flood into Veithurgard. They poison our crops, maim our farmers, and make an already miserable existence all the more unbearable. But just as our situation reaches a breaking point, Mótsognir brings word of a safe haven; a new land he has dubbed Konùnsgard. ‘A land of riches, free from strife and danger.’ There he has promised to build us a great stronghold to shelter and protect us—though I cannot bring myself to fully trust his words. It was his irrational thirst for such monsters that brought them here to begin with! Nevertheless, it has been so long since we’ve known safety. Veithurgard was once a beautiful land. I pray to Sif that this new land of Konùnsgard is able to weather The Dwarf King’s greed.”
Wave Complete
Complete!
Wave Complete \n Stay Focused
Love for the Gods
“To my dearest Thorrin,
When I was your age, I used to dream of being a god, just like our beloved Thor. It’s the reason we’re a family of stone masons; your mother and I wanted to spend our days swinging a hammer! You’ll learn, however, that dreams fade as you grow older. We’ll never join the Aesir in the halls of Asgard, but we can still use our skill to honor them.
Your mother and I have grand plans here in Veithurgard to build a statue of Odin’s favorite son. It will be our life’s greatest work, second only to bringing you into this world.
I’ve just completed a powerful pommel for my hammer and named it after one of Thor’s legendary goats, as it calls on the power of thunder itself. One day, when I am gone, it will keep you safe. When you hold it in your hands, let it be a reminder of all the joy that Thor has brought to our family.”
—Your loving Father
Equip Axe
Evade
Axe Aim and Recall
Arrows
Dodge Roll
Quick Turn
Spartan Rage
Shatter Crystals
Press [InteractButton] near the Crystal dispenser to pick up a Throwable shatter crystal. \nHold [AimButton] to aim and Press [HeavyAttackButton] to throw. Throwable crystals only stick to the icy red speckled vibrate material. \nShoot the crystal with your Bifröst when it’s near the red speckled material to destroy it.
Sigil of the Axe
Mark of the Ranger
Leviathan’s Eye
The Stranger
Modi
Magni
Baldur
The Dream of Midgard
“Midgard was a dream of what could be if we shared, and collaborated. Jötnar, Aesir, Vanir, Elf, Dwarf, and mortals most of all. It was beautiful. But not everyone is capable of sharing. Some believe anything uncontrolled is savage, and threatening. And so we were mocked, and tricked, and used, and then slaughtered.\n\nOdin and his tribe were barred from our realm, but it was not enough. The wrath of Thor and his terrible hammer have thinned our number in Midgard to the brink of ruin. There is no option but to withdraw, while yet any live to do so.”\n\nOdin and Thor would have killed ALL the Giants if they could… and they got away with everything!
The Guardian Returns
“We foresee Midgard’s fate - overrun, a second Hel. Neither Odin nor his dead may reach Jötunheim. The ways must be shut. The serpent and the guardian remained. They alone shall keep our hope. When doom befalls the indestructible, only then shall the guardian return.\n\nUntil then, we await a better world - one without fear, without greed, without war. We wait for deliverance, and justice. We wait for a champion. We will wait for word that gods grow good.”\n\nHope that world gets here soon…
Hræzlyr
Mimir is helping us figure out why Baldur of the Aesir came to our door. “I know what you are… you know what I want”—who does he think we are?
Mimir on Baldur
On Magni and Modi
Magni and Modi, the sons of Thor, are helping their uncle Baldur find us. Strong, dangerous, foolish. Mimir has a story about them and Hrungnir—ask later.
Baldur and Odin
Mimir thinks Baldur is tracking us for Odin, who wants to go “where he cannot reach”… but WE can?
Odin and Jötunheim
If Odin and Baldur are trying to get to Jötunheim, and they think WE are the answer, how did they know that before we even knew we had to go there? Mimir insists this makes sense.
Odin’s Prophecies
Odin collects prophecies…tries to control fate by knowing the future. Maybe he thinks we’ll pose a threat someday. Or at least he knows we’re looking for a way to Jötunheim…
Serpent’s History
Jörmungandr the World Serpent has already fought Thor in Ragnarök, and was knocked back in time to now. That, or Mimir is insane.
Odin’s interests in Jötunheim—he fears the Giants at Ragnarök, and wants their prophecies of the future. (Giants are the best at prophecy?) Ask Mimir later why they call Odin “Lord of the Hanged”…
Odin and the Jötnar
Flight of the Jötnar
The Giants left Midgard to escape Thor’s slaughter—most likely their work destroying the bridges to travel there. What did they do to make the Jötunheim tower in the lake disappear?
Odin spent nine days dead, hanging from Yggdrasil, the World Tree, for the wisdom of life and death and destiny. He goes REALLY far to get what he wants..!
The Hanged God
Nothing Is Written
Odin thinks he can beat fate and change Ragnarök, even though the Serpent’s already been through it. Father doesn’t think much of fate either—“another lie told by the gods”—so they have that in common…
Father kept those blades hidden under the house. If his old life is such a burden, why’d he keep them around?
Father’s Blades
Sigil of the Weapon
Frigg and Freya
“Frigg” was Freya all along?? Baldur’s mother, Odin’s wife… it’s so hard to imagine her with the Aesir gods… but I’ve seen it with my own eyes now!
When the Giants trusted someone enough to help them travel the realms, they’d put Bifröst crystals in their eyes. Týr had them, and so does Mimir.
Mark of the Element
Mimir’s Sight
Mimir on the Dead
Even Mimir doesn’t know why there’s so many dead men walking around Midgard… but he suspects Odin’s meddling, and maybe the Valkyries.
Brok and Sindri made Thor’s Hammer, Mjölnir. It made their reputation… but it also seems like they can’t live it down.
Mjölnir the Hammer
The Huldra Brothers
Brok and Sindri are dwarves, but for some reason people call them the “Huldra Brothers” after the beautiful forest sprites. Apparently I’m too young to be told why.
So Mom was “Laufey the Just”—she really was protecting people, before she had me. They even knew of her in Asgard! I’m so proud of her…
Laufey The Just
Freya’s Spirit
While we were in Jötunheim, Freya found Mimir to ask where Odin might have kept her Warrior Spirit. That’s a little scary.
Mimir’s Tales
Time of the Jotunn
Helheim’s Unfeeling Soul
Asgard’s Possibility Space
Muspelheim’s Gem of Power
Svartalfheim’s Mind
Niflheim’s Grim Reality
Split Time
Condensed Space
Will to Power
Andvari’s Soul
Sullen Mind
Grim Reality
Faye’s Wish
Frost Orb
Sif’s Love
Amulet of Kvinneby
Tears of the Aesir
Toothgnasher
Heimdall’s Vision
Branch of Yggdrasil
Innocence Lost
Tanngiost’s Marrow
Thunder’s Vale
Fáfnir’s Tail
“If you’re reading this: Go away. You don’t belong here. This is MY ravine. And don’t touch any of my stuff on your way out.
You’re still here? I told you to LEAVE. These are MY treasures, and you can’t have them. The best stuff is in my storeroom, anyways. But don’t even THINK about going there. That place is well-guarded, I made sure of that.
Just leave me be. I don’t need you; I don’t need anybody. Certainly not any of Ivaldi’s stupid sons warning me about the dangers of greed. I only need look in my newly-acquired Vanir Mirror to see what it does to my skin. But I don’t care. My treasure makes me feel safe, and it warms me from the inside, like the breath of a dragon.
Get lost.”
—Fáfnir
Generate Common Enchantment
Use Enchanted Dust to create a new common Enchantment.
Generate Rare Enchantment
Use Enchanted Dust to create a new rare Enchantment.
Generate Legendary Enchantment
Use Enchanted Dust to create a new legendary Enchantment.
Generate Epic Enchantment
Use Enchanted Dust to create a new epic Enchantment.
The mystic dust of a broken Enchantment. Used to construct new Enchantments.
Once, the Dwarves learned to craft their works from the mists of Niflheim. The mist bears a memory of this time as well, and becomes tangible enough to collect. Used to craft and upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of cursed mist.
A fragment of the misty metal used to craft Ivaldi’s armor, found in his Niflheim maze. Used to craft and upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of cursed mist.
A piece of cloth made indestructible by Dwarven craft, found in the chambers of the Niflheim maze. Used to upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of cursed mist.
Ivaldi’s ultimate creation, a concentration of mists made poisonous to Aesir gods… and also everyone else. Used to upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of cursed mist.
Embers of Surtr’s eternal fire, found in Muspelheim. Used to craft and upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of primordial flame.
The helm of the Valkyrie, Gunnr. Some vestige of her spirit remains, longing to join her sisters…
The helm of the Valkyrie, Göndul. Some vestige of her spirit remains, longing to join her sisters…
The helm of the Valkyrie, Geirdriful. Some vestige of her spirit remains, longing to join her sisters…
The helm of the Valkyrie, Kara. Some vestige of her spirit remains, longing to join her sisters…
The helm of the Valkyrie, Ròta. Some vestige of her spirit remains, longing to join her sisters…
The helm of the Valkyrie, Eir. Some vestige of her spirit remains, longing to join her sisters…
The helm of the Valkyrie, Hildr. Some vestige of her spirit remains, longing to join her sisters…
The helm of the Valkyrie, Olrun. Some vestige of her spirit remains, longing to join her sisters…
The helm of Sigrun, the Valkyrie Queen.
Dauði Kaupmaðr
Brenna Dauði
Járn Fótr
Stonebeard King
Máttugr Helson
Grendel of the Ashes
Dauði Munr
Death Eater
Dauði Hamarr
Soul Eater
Soul Devourer
Fire Ancient
Lava Ancient
Ice Ancient
Frost Ancient
Stone Ancient
Forest Ancient
Sigrun
Gunnr
Göndul
Geirdriful
Kara
Ròta
Eir
Hildr
Olrun
Investigate the hive
We need to make our way deeper into the hive.
Explore the Lake of Nine to find World Serpent Scale Fragments. These resources are used in the crafting of Pommels.
Close Realm Tears to acquire Dust of Realms. These resources are used in the crafting of Talismans.
Coffins can contain Hacksilver, Enchantments, armor, and Steel variants. Steel can be used to upgrade different armors.
Resources gathered from fallen Ancients can be used to craft rare equipment.
Resources gathered from fallen Travelers can be used to craft rare equipment.
Some resources can only be found while on the boat. Keep an eye out while you’re on the water.
Frozen Flame is a valuable resource that Brok and Sindri can use to upgrade the Leviathan Axe at the Shop.
Chaos Flame is a valuable resource that Brok and Sindri can use to upgrade the Blades of Chaos at the Shop.
Yggdrasil’s Dew is a rare resource found near water that will permanently increase Kratos’s Stats.
Free the Valkyries to acquire their helms. These items can be used to craft equipment befitting a god.
Artifacts can be sold at the Shop for Hacksilver.
Open Nornir Chests to find Iðunn Apples. Collect 3 to increase Kratos’s maximum Health.
Open Nornir Chests to find Horns of Blood Mead. Collect 3 to increase Kratos’s maximum Rage.
Be on the lookout for Legendary Chests. These chests always contain unique items such as armor, Talismans, and Runic Attacks.
Be sure to open Coffins. They always contain resources useful for crafting equipment.
Be sure to open wooden chests and search the bodies of fallen warriors. These always contain Hacksilver.
Keep one eye to the sky. Sometimes treasure can be found suspended from trees and other high places.
Keep one eye to the ground. Sometimes treasure can be found buried underfoot.
Find enough Muspelheim Cipher Pieces to unlock the ability to realm travel to Muspelheim.
Upgrade Kratos and Atreus’s weapons to make more Skills available for purchase.
Upgrade a weapon to significantly increase its damage.
Different types of armor allow for different ways to approach combat. Experiment with crafting to find armor that best suits your play style.
Brok and Sindri will expand their Shops’ inventory as you progress further on your journey.
Purchase a Resurrection Stone in the Shop. This item allows Atreus to revive Kratos if he falls in battle.
Purchase armor for Atreus in the Shop. Armor enhances his effectiveness and can even add new abilities.
Complete Favors and defeat enemies to earn [EconomyXP], which can be used to purchase Skills for Kratos and Atreus.
Complete Favors and defeat enemies to earn [EconomyXP], which can be used to upgrade Runic Attacks.
The effectiveness of Atreus’s Shock Arrows can be improved by purchasing new Skills.
The effectiveness of Atreus’s Light Arrows can be improved by purchasing new Skills.
Unlock different combat stances and melee attacks for Kratos by purchasing additional Skills.
Unlock new ranged combat options and axe throw abilities for Kratos by purchasing additional Skills.
Enhance Kratos’s defensive abilities by purchasing additional Skills.
Certain Skills have Additional Bonuses. To enable a Bonus, reach the specified Stat threshold.
The color of an item indicates its Rarity. Starting from most common, the colors are: Green, Blue, Purple, Orange.
Having trouble surviving a difficult encounter? Some equipment grants the ability to restore Health during combat.
Having trouble defeating a difficult enemy? Some equipment enhances your ability to generate Rage during combat.
Rumor has it that Niflheim, the realm of mist, contains monumentous rewards.
Equipment crafted with resources found in Niflheim provide special advantages while in that realm.
Enchantments can be socketed into armor to increase Stats and provide Perks.
Equipment with higher rarity has more Enchantment Sockets.
Upgrading equipment can add additional Enchantment Sockets.
Enchantments can be sold to Brok or Sindri for Enchanted Dust. This resource can be used to craft new Enchantments.
Upgrading a Talisman that has an active ability will enhance the effect of that ability.
Some Talismans have abilities that can be activated by Pressing [BlockButton] + [InteractButton]
The Lake of Nine contains many rewards and crafting materials.
Equipped Pommels increase Stats and provide Perks.
Certain Talismans and Pommels can be used to regenerate Health or Rage.
Some Talismans have the ability to slow time through Realm Shift.
Upgrade the Leviathan Axe to permanently increase [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH.
Upgrade armor to increase Stats and add Enchantment Sockets.
Aim the Camera with [JoystickR], then Hold [JoystickL] and Press [InteractButton] to jump.
Upgrading Kratos’s equipment will make his attacks stagger enemies more easily.
To be most effective in combat, equip armor that exceeds enemy Power Levels. Power Levels are located on armor and enemy Health Bars.
Enemies have a Power Level next to their Health Bar. This indicates how powerful they are in combat.
Some armor and Enchantments provide resistance to certain status effects.
Press [UpButton] to switch between Atreus’s arrow types.
If the Acrobatics Talon Bow Skill has been purchased, try launching enemies who are being choked by Atreus into the air.
If the Teamwork Talon Bow Skill has been purchased, try tripping enemies. Atreus will try to keep enemies on the ground if they have fallen.
If the Teamwork Talon Bow Skill has been purchased, try kicking enemies into Atreus. Atreus will try to launch them into air.
If the Teamwork Talon Bow Skill has been purchased, try launching enemies into the air. Atreus will try to keep them juggled.
If the Teamwork Talon Bow Skill has been purchased, Atreus will attempt to lure enemies away when you’re in danger.
If the Ferocity Talon Bow Skill has been purchased, Atreus can STUN enemies more easily.
Enemies choked by Atreus will take increased damage. Increase the bonus damage by having Atreus equip Fighter Tunics.
Atreus can provide Healthstones if he’s wearing Runic Vestments.
Atreus’s Sharpshooter Garb increases arrow damage and reduces arrow recharge time.
Atreus’s Runic Summons change properties based on the currently equipped arrow type.
Before the first, after the last
Nothing between, no shadow cast
Once a Runic Summon is equipped to the Talon Bow, hold [SonActionButton] to summon spectral animals to aid you in combat.
Ratatoskr digs up more than just Healthstones if summoned in particular locations.
Unlock new Spartan Rage attacks in the Skills tab using [EconomyXP]
Use the Settings menu to switch Difficulty at any time. Press [StartButton] then [TriangleButton] to open the Options menu. Select Gameplay under Settings.
Pay attention the color of an enemy’s Health Bar to learn its difficulty. Improve your equipment to make these encounters easier.
Enemies with the Skull icon are dangerous and extremely difficult to fight. Upgrade your equipment to make them more manageable.
Hit enemies in the back to inflict a large amount of STUN damage. Take advantage of this when Atreus’s arrows cause a distraction.
Hit enemies into walls to inflict a large amount of STUN damage. Enemies hunched over next to a wall are especially vulnerable.
Hit enemies into each other to inflict a large amount of STUN damage. Try sending smaller enemies flying into larger ones for an advantage in combat.
Keep launched enemies airborne by commanding Atreus to shoot arrows at them with [SonActionButton]
Throwing the Leviathan Axe at an enemy’s head or feet can lead to effective results!
The Leviathan Axe also hits enemies it passes through while returning to Kratos’s hand. Use this to your advantage!
Throwing the Leviathan Axe at an enemy lying on the ground will keep it there longer. Use this to set up opportunities for an Executioner’s Cleave!
Kicking enemies while Bare-Handed is a good way to create some space in the middle of a chaotic fight. Try using it near a ledge to knock weaker enemies off.
Pay attention to Runic Attack cooldowns! They can often help turn a losing fight into a victory.
Be aware of your surroundings! Blocking does not protect against attacks from behind.
A yellow flash during an enemy’s attack indicates that the attack can be parried by blocking at the last moment.
A red flash during an enemy’s attack indicates that the attack is unblockable. Press [EvadeButton] to evade out of the way!
[Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE reduces damage taken. Wear equipment with higher [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE when fighting powerful enemies.
[Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY increases resistance to heavy hit reactions. Wear equipment with higher [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY to recover from getting hit quickly!
[Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN reduces the cooldown of Runic Attacks. Wear equipment with higher [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN to use powerful Runic Attacks more frequently!
[Icons:LUCK] LUCK increases the chance for Perks to activate. Wear equipment with higher [Icons:LUCK] LUCK to fully utilize the benefits of your equipped Enchantments, Pommels, and armor!
FROSTED enemies move slowly and are extremely vulnerable to attack.
BURNED enemies take damage over time. The flames will sometimes interrupt an enemy’s attack.
SHOCKED enemies are locked in place and unable to attack.
WEAKENED enemies have weaker attacks, take more damage, and stagger more easily.
Frozen enemies can be shattered by repeated attacks. They can also be kicked into walls or off ledges.
Launching and juggling Tatzelwurms will prevent them from burrowing under the ground.
Attacks that slam the ground can pop nearby Tatzelwurms out of their burrows.
Atreus can use Shock Arrows to lock down Tatzelwurms and stop them from burrowing.
Brood are extremely weak to Runic Attacks.
Certain Heavy Attacks will cause Brood to fly away and explode, even at full Health.
Brood explode upon death. Use this to damage and knock away any nearby enemies.
Wolves are most dangerous in packs. Keep an eye on their positioning to avoid getting surrounded.
When a wolf howls, watch out for a strong attack.
Watch out for Dark Elves attacking as a group. A successful attack or parry will break the swarm.
Applying status effects such as FROST against Dark Elves will help you when fighting them.
The Dark Elves’ light bombs will explode after a short time, evade away to avoid taking damage.
Use Kratos and Atreus’s ranged attacks to damage and knock Nightmares into melee range.
Nightmares can grab and incapacitate Atreus if they aren’t stopped.
Nightmares are dangerous in numbers, but die easily. Consider defeating them first to make encounters easier to finish.
Using the Spear of Chaos attack against Nightmares is very effective!
Lava and Magma Nightmares are explosive and dangerous. Ranged attacks allow you to safely detonate them from a distance.
Cursed and Corrupted Nightmares possess other enemies, buffing them. STUN or kill possessed enemies to remove the Nightmare.
Use Atreus’s arrows to effectively STUN Nightmares. Most Nightmares can be thrown at other enemies, dealing area damage.
Hits to an Ancient’s body are deflected and cause no damage.
Ancients must reveal their hearts in order to attack their enemies. The heart is vulnerable to ranged attacks.
Well-aimed axe throws to an Ancient’s exposed heart will knock off volatile chunks that eventually explode. Pick these up and throw them back using [AimButton] + [HeavyAttackButton]
Overloading and STUNNING an Ancient will bring it to the ground in a brief staggered state. Take advantage of this by grabbing the Ancient and hitting its heart!
Ancients have melee attacks that cannot be blocked or parried.
Ogres are strong and fast; beware their shockwave smash attacks, which can be avoided with a well-timed dodge.
Ogres attack indiscriminately; use this to your advantage. Their attacks often hit smaller enemies, creating opportunities before they recover.
A well-aimed axe throw at an Ogre’s head before or after it attacks is sometimes all it takes to break the Ogre’s momentum and focus.
After shockwave attacks, Ogres are momentarily stationary and easy to attack while they recover.
Beware of the Ogre’s grab!
Ogre boulder attacks cannot be blocked and should be dodged.
When surrounded by their protective magic, Revenants evade most attacks. Atreus’s arrows can remove this magic, leaving them temporarily vulnerable to all attacks.
Steer clear of hazards that Revenants create; they can damage Kratos and apply status effects.
Revenants are most dangerous when encountered with other enemies. Defeating them first can make the encounter easier to handle.
Block or dodge to the side to avoid Revenants’ raking fissure attacks. The fissures will navigate obstacles and try to find you.
Avoid the Hel-Revenant’s ice breath attack by all means. This attack can freeze you, leaving you vulnerable to enemies.
When a Wulver howls, they enter a frenzy and their attacks become more focused and dangerous. Try a more defensive approach, and wait for openings to attack.
Wulver are aggressive and relentless. If they aren’t yet frenzied, try fighting back with an aggressive, relentless approach… it can be more effective than a defensive approach.
Some Wulver attacks can be avoided, leaving them vulnerable. Try luring them into walls to STUN them.
Parrying a Wulver’s melee swipes is an effective strategy and can be used to break their attack momentum.
Beware frenzied Wulver that are stationary and down on all fours. They can lunge and grab Kratos, mauling him. Dodge this attack!
Dual Wielding Draugr will attack quickly. Parry to break their combo.
Draugr with leg energy are hard to hit. Wait for them to come to you and parry their attacks.
When Draugr with chest energy are powered up, avoid hitting them or you’ll be knocked back by an explosion.
Hel-Reavers become enraged and aggressive when you’re FROSTED. Avoid their FROST blast attack.
After taking fatal damage, Reavers detonate in a POISON cloud. Dodge away!
Be aware of how Vikens attack! Dodge backward on their horizontal swings, and sideways on their vertical swings.
Kill Vikens quickly or they’ll regenerate Health.
Dodge sideways when Travelers attack with overhead swings.
A Traveler’s shield is impenetrable. Attack them from the front.
When Travelers hold their trophy above their heads, attack it with ranged attacks before it detonates.
Grendel of the Frost is weak against the Blades of Chaos.
Trolls can power up their arms and legs for Elemental attacks. These limbs are vulnerable to ranged attacks!
Deal damage to Hræzlyr’s claws to provoke his electric attacks.
Hold [BlockButton] to block stomp waves.\nHold [JoystickL] and Press [EvadeButton] to dodge claw attacks.
Shatter Crystals explode with electric energy.\nWait until Hræzlyr is electrified to throw crystals.
Deal damage to Hræzlyr’s claws to release the lift.
Don’t let the fires go out on the Helheim Ship.
Multiple attacks from the Blades of Chaos are required to fully re-ignite the fires.
Atreus’s arrows can be used to interrupt enemies before they put out the fires.\nKeep the fires fully lit!
Stranger
A strange man covered in tattoos came to the house and attacked Father. It must’ve been some fight… everything’s broken! Father said I wasn’t ready earlier, but something about killing this stranger changed his mind, I guess. Who was he? What did he want with us? We’re nobodies.
The Goddess Freya
The Witch of the Woods was the goddess Freya the whole time! No wonder she’s so good at magic. Father got REALLY mad at her when he found out. He always tells me that gods are nothing but trouble, but Freya’s always been nice to us. Maybe not all gods are bad?
[EconomyXP]  615
[EconomyXP]  350
[EconomyXP]  1075
[EconomyXP]  1880
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  Rare Enchantment
[EconomyXP]  3290
Rare Enchantment
Legendary Enchantment
Epic Enchantment
Common Pommel
Rare Pommel
Legendary Pommel
Rare Talisman
Legendary Talisman
Epic Talisman
Rare Crafting Resource
Legendary Crafting Resource
Epic Crafting Resource
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Rare Enchantment
[Icons:STONE]  1 Oblivion Stone
[Icons:STEEL]  5 Soft Svartalfheim Steel
[Hacksilver]  6000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Legendary Enchantment
[Icons:GOLD]  1 Unstable Ore
[Icons:STEEL]  3 Hardened Svartalfheim Steel
[Hacksilver]  20000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Rare Enchantment
[Icons:GOLD]  1 Leiptr Alloy
[Icons:GOLD]  30 Aegir’s Gold
[Hacksilver]  10000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Legendary Enchantment
[Icons:FROST]  1 Glacial Catalyst
[Icons:SCALES]  10 World Serpent Scale
[Hacksilver]  20000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Rare Enchantment
[Icons:GOLD]  1 Leiptr Alloy
[Icons:STEEL]  5 Solid Svartalfheim Steel
[Hacksilver]  6000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Rare Enchantment
[Icons:FLAME]  1 Unyielding Cinders
[Icons:SCALES]  10 World Serpent Scales
[Hacksilver]  10000
Rejuvenating Fury
Increase the amount of Health gained in Spartan Rage by 12%. (Stacks up to 24% max.)
During combat, an enemy’s Health Bar is displayed above them when they take damage or when targeted by Kratos.
Enemy Health Bar
Some enemies are resistant to the Leviathan Axe.
An enemy’s Stun Bar is located below their Health Bar.\n\nAttacking an enemy in quick succession inflicts STUN damage causing the Bar to fill. Once the Bar is filled, the enemy is STUNNED. Press [R3] to grab a STUNNED enemy.
Stunning Enemies
Press [SonActionButton] to command Atreus to shoot arrows. Hold [AimButton] then Press [SonActionButton] to target a specific enemy. Enemies will be distracted from attacking Kratos when they are hit by an arrow.
Atreus Arrows
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Legendary Enchantment
[Icons:FROST]  1 Eternal Frost
[Icons:GOLD]  30 Aegir’s Gold
[Hacksilver]  5000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Rare Enchantment
[Icons:FLAME]  1 Unyielding Cinders
[Icons:GOLD]  5 Aegir’s Gold
[Icons:SCALES]  7 World Serpent Scale Fragment
[Hacksilver]  6000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Legendary Enchantment
[Icons:GOLD]  1 Unstable Ore
[Icons:STEEL]  5 Hardened Svartalfheim Steel
[Hacksilver]  10000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Legendary Enchantment
[Icons:FROST]  1 Glacial Catalyst
[Icons:STEEL]  2 Solid Svartalfheim Steel
[Hacksilver]  6000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Rare Enchantment
[Icons:STONE]  1 Oblivion Stone
[Icons:STEEL]  5 Soft Svartalfheim Steel
[Hacksilver]  5000
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT]  1 Common Enchantment
[Icons:FROST]  1 Eternal Frost
[Icons:GOLD]  5 Aegir’s Gold
[Icons:SCALES]  7 World Serpent Scale Fragment
[Hacksilver]  6000
Frost Charge
Grendel of the Frost
[Icons:NIF_LOOT]  Niflheim Armor Recipe
[EconomyXP]  1075
[EconomyXP]  200
Grendel of the Ashes is weak against the Leviathan Axe.
On Kill, Chance to Drop:
[Icons:REWARD_VALKYRIE]  Valkyrie Armor
[Icons:NIF_LOOT]  Epic Loot
[Icons:STEEL]  Upgrade Materials
[EconomyXP]  1880 (per helm)
[Icons:RETRIBUTION]  Epic Pommel
[Icons:ENCHANTMENT_TEMPORAL]  Epic Enchantment
[Icons:STEEL]  12 Asgardian Steel
[Icons:STEEL]  6 Perfect Asgardian Steel
[EconomyXP]  3290
Unlock Muspelheim
Unlock Niflheim
A fairly sturdy fragment of Dwarven metal. Used to upgrade various armor sets, as well as the Talon Bow. Found in coffins.
A mostly sturdy fragment of Dwarven metal. Used to upgrade various armor sets, as well as the Talon Bow. Found in coffins.
A very sturdy fragment of Dwarven metal. Used to upgrade various armor sets, as well as the Talon Bow. Found in coffins.
A severed piece of a Traveler’s defeated foe, kept as a totem of Asgardian magic. Used to craft and upgrade the Traveler armor set.
Battle-hardened metal found on scraps of Traveler armor. Used to craft and upgrade the Traveler armor set.
A mystical ingredient for the Dwarven Armor of Legend.
A mystical ingredient for the Dwarven Armor of Legend.
A mystical ingredient for the Dwarven Armor of Legend.
Shards from the natural armor of an Ancient. Used to craft the Ancient armor set.
A lost tribute to Týr, left by wayward spirits around the Lake of Nine. Used to craft the Týr armor set.
Objective Information
Go back through the tower
The way to the mountain is through the tower
“Construction of the Helheim Library is complete. Our greatest clues and most significant artifacts have been moved here. The process of translating and compiling the reports of the Travelers is ongoing, but Hel’s slow pace should make quick work of it in Asgard. The only concern is outside these walls. As the numbers of the wayward dead increase, how long until our presence here is untenable?”
—The Raven Keeper
Hel’s Library
Rewards
The Exile’s Guardian
Buckler of the Forge
Shining Elven Soul-Shield
Dökkenshieldr
Defender of the Chosen
Grace of the Wanderer
Asgard Sealed
“It is done. Asgard’s defenses are impenetrable. All means of access have been cut off, save those in Odin’s power. The plague of the dead will not touch us, nor shall we fear any Vanir aggression. Word of this must reach noble Thor, for the time approaches for his part in the Allfather’s plan.”
—The Raven Keeper
Svartalfheim Sealed
“The realm of the dwarves is secured. For a promise of security from the rovers of Hel, they have made Asgard custodian to their borders. Now the Vanir will have no hope of Svartalfheim’s aid, thanks to Odin’s foresight. The Elves remain sufficiently distracted. All plans proceed.”
—The Raven Keeper
Vanaheim Sealed
“Our vengeance upon the Vanir gods is at hand. Their realm is isolated by Odin’s spell-craft, and infiltrated presently by the God of Thunder himself. Thor’s absence may be long-felt by our folk, but we will keep up the Allfather’s work in Midgard. Our priority remains Jötunheim.”
—The Raven Keeper
The Serpent
“The Serpent cannot be spoken to, but his belligerence towards the Aesir is unmistakeable. The destruction of Týr’s temple is infeasible while he remains; however, his presence has caused the Lake of Nine to submerge it completely. Therefore, the larger aim of fettering realm travel is still achieved.”
—The Raven Keeper
The Missing Tower
“The search for any trace of the Jötunheim tower remains fruitless. Not only Midgard, but in all realms in which the tower once stood, there is now only a mystic echo of what was. Had it been destroyed by might, some remnant would remain, but this magical vestige suggests magical means. It must exist somewhere. Our horde of loyal spies continues to grow. I cannot doubt someday we will find it, wherever it may be hidden.”
—The Raven Keeper
Hel’s Library
“Construction of the Helheim Library is complete. Our greatest clues and most significant artifacts have been moved here. The process of translating and compiling the reports of the Travelers is ongoing, but Hel’s slow pace should make quick work of it in Asgard. The only concern is outside these walls. As the numbers of the wayward dead increase, how long until our presence here is untenable?”
—The Raven Keeper
Traveler Scroll 1
This is a strange language… I don’t recognize it at all. Maybe if we find more like it I can figure something out…
Traveler Scroll 2
More strange text. I think this is the language Travelers use to talk to each other, or whoever they’re working for.
Traveler Scroll 3
More of the language of the Travelers. I’m starting to see words in common. If I can guess one correctly, it may be a way to translate the rest of it.
Traveler Scroll 4
Of course! It’s “Jötunheim”… it’s always about Jötunheim, and it always comes back to Odin pulling the strings. He has a whole army devoted to finding “The Lost Path”… and here we are trying to find it first.
Gods at War
Odin and Freya
Freya’s Curse
Týr and the Jötnar
Young Magni and Modi
Mimir’s First Job
Mimir’s Well
Mimir and Odin
Revenge of Hrimthur
The Aesir finally met their match with the Vanir, and the Long War only ended when Mimir convinced Freya to marry Odin.
Did Odin love Freya? Mimir thought so, for a while… but once Odin learned her magic, his old obsession with Jötunheim led him down a dark path.
When Freya finally left Odin, he cursed her, trapping her in Midgard and stealing her Warrior Spirit. Since she can’t fight, she has to live alone in the woods for safety.
Týr brought Odin to Jötunheim to make peace with the Giants, but Odin’s deceptions were exposed and he was cursed to never return. As Thor slaughtered the Giants of Midgard, Týr helped the survivors escape, and cut off access to their realm.
When Hrungnir the Brawler fell on Thor, only young Magni and Modi had the strength to free their father. Magni got the credit, so Modi became a jerk? (Nah, they were both jerks.)
Mimir used to work for a faerie king in a faraway land, until he made too much mischief. He’s been using his wits to survive for a long time…
Mimir introduced himself to Odin with a “mystic well of knowledge” that made him rip out his own eye. Their relationship sounds complicated.
After a long time advising Odin, Mimir came to believe he could only serve Odin by containing him and serving peace, but Odin lost trust in him and imprisoned him in the tree.
Hrimthur, son of Thamur the Giant Stone Mason, disguised himself and built a wall around Asgard. Mimir thinks he built in a weakness and told only Freya about it.
Dig legendary objects.
Ratatoskr can dig legendary objects when summoned near circular ground markings.
Return to the Mountain
We just need to get to the mountain.
Press and Hold [AimButton]
Press and Hold [HeavyAttackButton]
Meteoric Slam
A powerful slam attack that rains down fire in a wide arc, inflicting heavy BURN damage.
Increases the number of pieces the shard is shattered into, increasing the effective area.
Increases the amount of BURN damage each shard explosion inflicts.
Hyperion Grapple
Tosses the Blades of Chaos towards an enemy and on contact, launches Kratos towards them to inflict a large amount of STUN damage.
Cause a massive area-of-effect concussion on impact with the enemy, hitting all enemies nearby.
Massively increases the severity of the STUN damage caused by impact.
Witch’s Compass
The Threat Indicator will point towards enemies who are out of view.\nThe Indicator will turn red when an enemy is attacking.\n\nPress [DownButton] to perform a Quick Turn.\nQuick Turn can be configured in the Gameplay Settings.
Threat Indicator
Credits
Maximum Rage Increased
You have collected 3 Horns of Blood Mead. Maximum Rage increased.
Jötunheim in Reach
With the Jötunheim realm tower restored, can we use the Realm Travel Room?
Mother’s Ashes
To the highest peak—fulfilling Mom’s wish at last.
Alfheim Lake
There’s a whole world to explore.
Break down Niflheim Alloy
Break a piece of Niflheim Alloy down to its component Mist Echoes.
Break down Haze Weave
Break a piece of Haze Weave down to its component Mist Echoes.
Break down Aesirbane
Break some Aesirbane down to its component Mist Echoes.
A Soft Svartalfheim Steel
Purchase a piece of Soft Svartalfheim Steel from the Dwarves’ stores.
A Solid Svartalfheim Steel
Purchase a piece of Solid Svartalfheim Steel from the Dwarves’ stores.
A Hardened Svartalfheim Steel
Purchase a piece of Hardened Svartalfheim Steel from the Dwarves’ stores.
A Soft Svartalfheim Steel
Sell a piece of Soft Svartalfheim Steel
A Solid Svartalfheim Steel
Sell a piece of Solid Svartalfheim Steel
A Hardened Svartalfheim Steel
Sell a piece of Hardened Svartalfheim Steel
10 Soft Svartalfheim Steel
Sell ten pieces of Soft Svartalfheim Steel
10 Solid Svartalfheim Steel
Sell ten pieces of Solid Svartalfheim Steel
10 Aegir’s Gold
Sell ten pieces of Aegir’s Gold
100 Aegir’s Gold
Sell one hundred pieces of Aegir’s Gold
Heightened Regeneration
Gain a small burst of Health while in Immolation or Permafrost.
Heightened Fury
Gain a small burst of Rage while in Immolation or Permafrost.
After summoning animals, fully recharge your quiver with arrows.
Odin’s Ravens Killed: %d of %d \n
Dispatch Odin’s winged spies.
Green ring belonging to Brok’s friend, Andvari. Brok will probably want to give this a look.
Svartáljǫfurr
Use [JoystickL] to select realm.
[AdvanceButton] travel to realm.
Use [JoystickL] to change realm then Press [AdvanceButton] to travel to realm.\n
Press [BackButton] to exit.
Use [JoystickL] to change realm then Press [AdvanceButton] to travel to realm.\n
Press [TriangleButton] to return to Midgard. Press [BackButton] to exit.
This chest is locked with runic magic.
Find and solve the three seals to unlock it.
%d of 3 seals destroyed
[EconomyXP]  2000
[EconomyXP]  3000
[EconomyXP]  4500
[EconomyXP]  6750
[EconomyXP]  10125
[EconomyXP]  15100
Hidden Chambers
Find and enter all of the chambers when able
Hidden Chambers Found: %d of %d
There are 7 locked doors throughout the world. Find them all.
Hidden Chambers Opened: %d of %d
You’ll need a special tool to open these doors. Once you find it, use it to gain entry and discover what is inside.
Chambers Found: %d of %d
Chambers Opened: %d of %d
Exploring the Lake of Nine
There is a whole world to discover
Islands and Beaches Discovered: %d of %d
There are many islands and beaches to explore in the Lake of Nine. Visit them all to find useful resources and discover Favors to complete. The world beyond the lake holds even more to uncover!
Locations Discovered: %d of %d
Hidden Area: Discovered
Area: Discovered
On Completion:
[EconomyXP]  1880
Per Brazier:
[EconomyXP]  615
Easy
Normal
Hard
Impossible
Off
On
Hard
Soft
Go to Map
You have acquired the Hel’s Touch Light Runic Attack Gem. Runic Gems allow you to customize your weapon to enable Light and Heavy Runic Attacks.\n\nThe Weapons tab is where you can slot Runic Gems into your weapon.
Move down to select the Light Runic Attack slot.
Press [AdvanceButton] to select your Light Runic Attack slot.
Acquired Light Runic Attack Gems can be equipped from here.
Runic Attacks have associated Attributes and cooldowns.
Runic Attack damage can be increased by increasing [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC.
Use [EconomyXP] to upgrade Runic Attacks. Upgrading Runic Attacks improves their Attributes.
Press [AdvanceButton] to equip the Hel’s Touch Light Runic Attack Gem into the Leviathan Axe.
Equipped Runic Attacks are indicated by the “E” symbol.\nPress [BackButton] to return to the Weapons tab.
Move down to select the Heavy Runic Attack slot.
Acquired Heavy Runic Attack Gems can be equipped from here.
Press [BackButton] to return to the Weapons tab.
Runic Attacks
Týr
Thrym
Runic Attack cooldowns can be reduced by increasing [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN.
Press [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton] to attack.
Press [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton] to attack and use [JoystickR] to steer.
Mash [InteractButton] to escape.
Wait until Hræzlyr is electrified to throw Shatter Crystals.
DEFEAT THE DRAGON
XP is gained by defeating enemies and completing quests.
It can be used to purchase Skills and upgrade Runic Attacks.
Impossible Difficulty Unlocked
Return to Arena 1 to begin the final trials.
Once a trial is complete, they can be repeated at any time.
Iðunn Apples are the choice food of the gods. Find the 9 total apples in the world in chests locked by magic. Every 3 you collect will increase your maximum Health.
Blood Mead is a rare drink that makes one’s rage run deeper. Find the 9 total horns in the world in chests locked by magic. Every 3 you collect will increase your maximum Rage.
Defeat a Valkyrie
We found a Valkyrie, but something’s wrong with her. Is this a fight we’re ready for?
Kratos takes a piece of the chisel tip. He can now etch the rune to Jötunheim. It can also be used to open gates sealed with chisel locks.
Luck of Ages
A memento from Kratos’s deceased wife.
Craft
Upgrade
Buy
Sell
Armor
Craft Recipes
Upgrade Recipes
Resources Required
Add to Compass
Remove from Compass
Replace in Compass
Glacial Catalyst
A shard from one of Hel’s glaciers. It can be used to upgrade the Charm of Infinite Storm.
Pommels
Talisman
Weapons
Runic Attacks
Runic Summons
Enchantments
Resurrection Stones
Artifacts
Eye of Vitality
Eye of Might
Eye of Haste
Hold [LightAttackButton] and [HeavyAttackButton]\nto perform a Quick Turn.
Press the Touch Pad Button\nto perform a Quick Turn.
Press [DownButton] to perform a Quick Turn.
Years Later…
Present Day
The number of arrows Atreus can shoot is indicated in the lower right corner. Once shot, arrows take time to recharge.
Arrows and Bare-Handed attacks inflict extra STUN damage.\nKratos can switch to Bare-Handed attacks by throwing the axe or sheathing the axe by Pressing [RightButton]
Threat Indicators around Kratos point toward off-screen enemies.\n\nGold indicators signify nearby enemies.
Flashing red indicators signify an incoming attack.
Flashing purple indicators signify an incoming projectile.
Quick Turn can be remapped in the Settings Menu.\nPress [StartButton] to access the Gameplay Settings.
The color of enemy Health Bars range from green to purple depending on how powerful they are compared to Kratos.
Enemy Difficulty
Perfect Sigil of the Realm
Perfect Symbol of the Realm
Flawless Element of the Realm
Perfect Shard of the Realm
Flawless Sign of the Realm
Perfect Aspect of the Realm
Flawless Relic of the Realm
Perfect Brand of the Realm
Flawless Crest of the Realm
Perfect Eye of the Realm
Use [JoystickL] to turn the wheel.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
Use [JoystickL] to push or pull.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
Use [JoystickL] to realign the bridge.
Konùnsgard Entry Stone
Grants entry to the Dwarf King’s kingdom of Konùnsgard.
An Ancient’s heart is vulnerable to axe throws when exposed.
Try picking up and throwing chunks knocked loose from an Ancient’s heart.
Shock Arrows
Shatter Crystals
Press [InteractButton] to pick up a Shatter Crystal.
Press [LightAttackButton] to throw Shatter Crystal.
Press [SonActionButton] to command Atreus to\nshoot a Light Arrow.
Light Arrows
Use [EconomyXP] to upgrade Shock Arrow Skills.\nPress [StartButton] to access the Skills tab.
Press [UpButton] to switch arrow types.
Press [RightButton] to equip the Leviathan Axe.\nPress [LeftButton] to equip the Blades of Chaos.
Winds of Hel
Explore the vault
I AM PLACEHOLDER
Wooden Blade Grips
Crude wooden blade grips.
Yes
No
Break %s down to %s Enchanted Dust?
Collect keys to enter Stronghold
Keys Collected: %d of %d
We’ve arrived in Konùnsgard but the door to the Stronghold is locked. It looks like it takes 3 keys. I bet we can find them somewhere in the area.
Keys Collected: %d of %d
Moderate Perk activation chance on any successful hit to grant Aura of Fire, increasing [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and restoring a small amount of Health.
Press [InteractButton] to climb.
Armor Buyback
Sort By: %s
Acquisition
Rarity
Perk Effect
Tier
Press [LightAttackButton] or [HeavyAttackButton] to\nswing the Blades of Chaos.
Brok has upgraded the Mystic Gateways. Two way travel is now available.
This door is locked with runic magic.\nFind a way to break the three seals to unlock it.
Hold [AimButton] to aim.
Press [LightAttackButton] to impale enemies.
Dragon Tear
Hold [SquareButton] to break down
Andvaranaut
Andvari’s ring has his soul trapped inside! I think he’s going to help us find his special hammer for Brok.
We held on to the ring containing Andvari’s soul. But… it turns out he’s kind of an Odin supporter, so things got kind of awkward. Oh well. Hopefully it brings us luck just the same!
Revives Kratos with a small amount of Health.
Revives Kratos with fully restored Health.
Revives Kratos with fully restored Health and Rage.
Bones of the desecrated seiðr witch, Gullveig.
Bones of the desecrated seiðr witch, Gullveig.
Bones of the desecrated seiðr witch, Gullveig.
Unity Stone
A mysterious stone of legend, used somehow by Týr in the Realm Between Realms.
Bridge Keeper’s Heart
The heart of the Bridge Keeper. Freya needs this to save Atreus.
Týr’s Secret Key
The key to a secret chamber in Týr’s Temple.
Fáfnir’s Whetstone
A purloined whetstone, of value to Sindri.
Bastard’s Dagger
A dagger pulled from the back of a father, placed there by his son.
Alfheim Travel Rune
Grants access to travel to the realm of Alfheim.
Helheim Travel Rune
Grants access to travel to the realm of Helheim.
Muspelheim Travel Rune
Grants access to travel to the realm of Muspelheim.
Niflheim Travel Rune
Grants access to travel to the realm of Niflheim.
Jötunheim Travel Rune
Grants access to travel to the realm of Jötunheim.
A receptacle for the Light of Alfheim.
Bifröst
The brightest value in a scene. As values get closer to the maximum, they smoothly approach white. Lower this value to reveal more detail in bright areas.
Use the scope to adjust the white point of a scene. Raising this value increases the brightness on an HDR display. Raise this value so the whites on your display are bright without sacrificing detail.
Pure Essence of Realms
Highly concentrated energy from the space between Realms. Used to upgrade a powerful Talisman. May be found in Realm Tears.
Dark Elf light bombs are unblockable. Evade away to avoid taking damage.
The Key to Konùnsgard
Enable HDR
HDR Slope
HDR Shoulder
Brightness
“I’ve explored every beach, cavern and ravine in the Lake of Nine, save for beyond this door. Behind it lies Konùnsgard, fabled stronghold of the Dwarven King, Mótsognir. Rumor has it he went mad while searching for some legendary armor. Unfortunately, the area is sealed by Dwarven ingenuity. If the ruins of Veithurgard are of any indication, there must be great treasure behind this door. I sought out Brok and Sindri, the fabled blacksmith Dwarves for their assistance, but they each want me to complete Favors for them in exchange for the entry stone. I’ve never completed a Favor for a Dwarf before… how hard could it be?”
—Sounds like we need to do more Favors for Brok and Sindri if we want to get in here.
Dwarven Shop Tutorial
This is a Dwarven Shop. From here you can upgrade
your equipment or craft new equipment.
Brok has given you a Rare Material to upgrade the Leviathan Axe: a Frozen Flame.
Selecting Items
Select weapons by Pressing [AdvanceButton]
Multiple Weapons
Different weapons can be selected from here to upgrade.
The Item Card
Items Kratos can equip will have Stats that
increase abilities.
Character Stats
Each Stat contributes different gameplay effects. Press [L3] to show Stat descriptions.
Upgrading Increases Stats
When upgrading an item, the Stats gained will be displayed in the item card.
Any Stat changes will be reflected on the Stat bar on the right. Weapons upgrade Stats permanently, armor Stats only apply while the piece of armor is worn.
Item Cost
An item’s cost will be displayed at the bottom of the item card.
Upgrade Leviathan Axe
Press and Hold [AdvanceButton] to upgrade the axe.
Unlock Skills
Skills will unlock for purchase once you upgrade
your weapons.
Dwarven Shop Tutorial
Armor can also be crafted from the Shop. Armor affects Kratos’s Stats when equipped.
Armor Categories
From this menu you can select different armor slots as well as Arteus’s armor.
Armor Upgrades
Armor can be upgraded at the Dwarven Shop to increase Stats or gain Enchantment Slots for bonuses. Enchantments can be purchased or found in the world.
Leviathan Axe Pommels
Pommels can be equipped on the axe. Each Pommel will increase Stats and provide unique Perks based on your actions in combat. Axe Pommels can be upgraded at the Shop to improve their Stats.
Talismans
Talismans have unique effects that can aid you in combat. They can be upgraded at the Shop to improve their effectiveness and reduce cooldowns for certain abilities.
Selling Old Armor
Armor and other items can be sold at the Shop. Once sold you can repurchase armor on the “Buy” menu.
Special Items
Brok is always on the lookout for special Artifacts. Bring them back to him for a reward.
Buyback
Armor you have sold at the Shop will appear in this menu.
Runic Summons
Atreus can summon powerful creatures to aid you in combat.
Mist Echoes are used for crafting and unlocking sealed treasures.
Ivaldi’s Workshop contains many formidable challenges. Ensure you are equipped appropriately.
Escape the Workshop alive to keep what you collect.
The Workshop shifts and changes each time you enter.
Some armor and Enchantments protect from the Cursed Mist.
Everything you collect in the Workshop will be lost if you don’t escape alive.
Spoiler Warning
Behind the Lock
I AM PLACEHOLDER
You were warned not to stray from the path.
Change Realm
Travel to Realm
Return to Midgard
Realm Available
Atreus has gained confidence in combat and will now support Kratos by physically attacking enemies when he sees an opening. These abilities can be upgraded in the Skills tab.
Atreus Advanced Combat
Screen Calibration
Break into the hive
I AM PLACEHOLDER
Enter the temple
I AM PLACEHOLDER
STR
CDN
DEF
VIT
LCK
RUN
Ragnarök will come when the silver
wolf eats the moon, the golden wolf
eats the sun, and Midgard is caught
between.
Defeat the Soul Eater
We found the green ring… still attached to a hand. To make matters worse, the hand is sticking out of the Soul Eater. We’ll have to defeat him if we want that ring.
Rage Combat
Gold: Close 18 Realm Tears
Realm Temporarily Unavailable
Enter the boat
I AM PLACEHOLDER
Use the sand bowl
I AM PLACEHOLDER
Return to Atreus
Go back through the tower
I AM PLACEHOLDER
This is the Dwarven recipe page. From here you can preview new craftable items as well as upgrades that Kratos can perform at the Shop.
Exit Týr’s Vault
I AM PLACEHOLDER
Use the lift
Follow the path
Make your way to the exit
Defeat all enemies
Defeat the enemy
Get in the boat
Go to Brok
Go to Sindri
Return to the boat
I AM PLACEHOLDER
A Legendary Favor
You have started a Legendary Favor! Corrupted Valkyries are powerful creatures found in the depths of the Hidden Chambers of Odin and other realms. Defeating them is no easy task, and requires powerful equipment. Find and defeat all Corrupted Valkyries to uncover the truth and receive legendary rewards!
You have killed 1 out of 9 Corrupted Valkyries. Explore to find more and test your skill!
Valkyries Revealed
Locations of all Corrupted Valkyries have been revealed on your map!
Explore with Atreus
Continue Exploring! Complete Dwarven Favors. Free dragons. Travel to Muspelheim and Niflheim. Find new items in the shop to get powerful equipment that will allow you to defeat all legendary Corrupted Valkyries!
Valkyrie Helm
You have acquired a helm from a Corrupted Valkyrie
Dragons Freed: %d of %d
Muspelheim Labors Complete: %d of %d
Niflheim Favors Complete: %d of %d
Wayward Spirit Favors Complete: %d of %d
Raging Inferno of Muspelheim
The hottest fires from the peak of Muspelheim. Used to unlock an upgrade to a powerful item.
Chilling Mists of Niflheim
Bleak mist found in the depths of Niflheim. Used to unlock an upgrade to a powerful item.
God of War
God of War
Father and Son
Obtain all other trophies
The Journey Begins
Defend your home from The Stranger
A New Friend
Survive the Witch’s Woods
Feels Like Home
Allow the Light Elves to return home
Dragon Slayer
Defeat the Dragon of the Mountain
Troubling Consequences
Defeat Magni and Modi
Hello, Old Friend
Retrieve the Blades of Chaos
Promise Fulfilled
Heal Atreus
Round 2
Rescue Atreus
Past Haunts
Ride the ship out of Helheim
Twilight Beckons
Defeat Baldur
Last Wish
Spread the ashes
Beneath the Surface
Explore all the Lake of Nine has to offer
Death Happened Here
Fully explore Veithurgard
Trilingual
Learn the languages of Muspelheim and Niflheim
Dwarven Ingenuity
Upgrade a piece of armor
Nice Moves
Obtain a Runic Attack Gem
Iðunn’s Orchard
Fully upgrade your Health
Quick Tempered
Fully upgrade your rage
Best Dressed
Craft an outfit for Atreus
Enchanted
Slot an Enchantment into your armor
All Will Fall
Kill 1,000 Enemies
Dangerous Skies
Free all of the Dragons
Like Oil and Water
Complete all of Brok and Sindri’s Favors
Curator
Collect all of the Artifacts
Allfather Blinded
Kill all of Odin’s Ravens
The Best Moves
Fully upgrade a Runic Attack
Worthy
Fully upgrade the Leviathan Axe
Why Fight It?
Fully upgrade the Blades of Chaos
Path of the Zealot
Obtain Traveler armor set
Primordial
Obtain Ancient armor set
Unfinished Business
Assist all of the wayward spirits
Treasure Hunter
Use treasure maps to find all of the dig spots
The Truth
Read all of the Jötnar shrines
Fire and Brimstone
Complete all of the Trials of Muspelheim
Darkness and Fog
Retrieve all treasure from the Workshop’s center chamber
Chooser of the Slain
Defeat the nine Valkyries
Healing Mist
Wrath of Flame
Power of the Valkyrie
Curse of the Mist
Strike of the Valkyrie
Queen’s Wrath
Word of Ages
Executioner’s Rage Burst
Executioner’s Runic
Executioner’s Strength
Executioner’s Health Burst
Executioner’s Cooldown
Cleansing Light
Slayer’s Rage Burst
Slayer’s Health Burst
Rising Protective Barrier
Rising Strength
Marksman’s Strength
Marksman’s Cooldown
Marksman’s Rage Burst
Marksman’s Runic
Marksman’s Health Burst
Warrior’s Protective Barrier
Fist of Thor
Ymir’s Vengeance
Warrior’s Health Burst
Flametongue
Gift of Fire
Rising Protective Barrier
Rising Strength
Piercing Strength
Piercing Cooldown
Piercing Defense
Slayer’s Strength
Slayer’s Defense
Slayer’s Runic
Slayer’s Health Burst
Slayer’s Cooldown
Slayer’s Rage Burst
Aura of Fire
Explosive Blight
Power of the Valkyrie
Missing Realm Tower to access this realm
Missing travel crystal to access this realm
(In Spartan Rage) Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a dashing punch to an enemy. Press again repeatedly to deliver a combo of rapid blows.
(In Spartan Rage) Press [HeavyAttackButton] to jump into the air and slam back down with extreme force, blasting away enemies in front of you.
Fury Strike
Raging Smash
Press [BlockButton] + [InteractButton] to Activate
Passive Effect
Axe Pommel
Mimir
We found this strange man trapped in a tree at the summit of the Mountain. His name is Mimir, and he calls himself the smartest man alive. Or he did, until Father chopped off his head. The Witch of the Woods (who was actually the goddess Freya this whole time!) was just able to resurrect him, and now we’re taking him to talk to the World Serpent. Mimir says Jörmungandr is the only Giant left in Midgard who knows the secret rune to Jötunheim. It’s kind of weird talking to a reanimated head, but it’s nice to have someone else to talk to.
World Serpent
We just woke up the World Serpent of Midgard! Father thought he was going to try and eat us, but Mother always said Jörmungandr was a friendly Giant. He tried speaking to us, but I couldn’t understand him. I wonder if that’s the language all the Giants speak? He doesn’t seem very interested in us right now. I wish I could talk to him… I have so many questions! Where did he come from? What does he do all day? What does he eat? Maybe we can find another way to talk to him…
A piece of a cipher that will help translate the language of Muspelheim. If we complete the cipher, we can unlock travel to the realm of Muspelheim!
A piece of a cipher that will help translate the language of Niflheim. If we complete the cipher, we can unlock travel to the realm of Niflheim!
The strongest enemies are designated with skulls. Better equipment will strengthen Kratos in order to defeat powerful enemies.
Weapon Upgrade Available!
Blades of Chaos Upgrade
Leviathan Axe Upgrade
Hold to show Journal
Preview Only
Visit a Dwarven Shop to craft this item.
When the Compass turns gold, an objective is somewhere in the area. Search the area for clues.
Bonus to %s.
Bonus to %s and %s.
Compass Area Markers
%s Cipher Complete
You can now read the language of %s.
You can now access %s from the Realm Travel Room.
Spartan Rage Available
Rage
No active goal
COMPLETION: %s %%
The Journey
Tracked Favor
Not Enough Resources
Previous Level Required
The Boss Health Bar is located at the bottom of the screen.
Enchantment
Upgrade Successful
Upgrade of %s successful.
Resources Received
Cooldown
Type
WeaponType1
Direct
Aimed
Line
Melee
Area
Press to Show Codex
Resources Received
Resources Required
Buy
Sell
Recipe
Lost Items
Mark of the Dwarves
Dual Wielding Draugr attack with quick combos. Be cautious when turning your back on them in combat.
On Completion:
[EconomyXP]  1075
Per Raven:
[EconomyXP]  100
On Completion:
[EconomyXP]  1880
Per Raven:
[EconomyXP]  100
Projectile Draugr can attack from a long range, but their attacks can be dodged or blocked.
On Completion:
[EconomyXP]  3290
Per Raven:
[EconomyXP]  100
Projectile Draugr attacks can be interrupted before they fire by axe throws or Atreus’s arrows.
An enhancement that permanently increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC by 4.
HDR
SDR
Next Tip
Inscribed Crest of Courage
Inscribed Crest of Truth
Inscribed Crest of Heart
Inscribed Crest of Frenzy
Inscribed Crest of Fortitude
Inscribed Crest of Triumph
Inscribed Crest of Cunning
Inscribed Crest of Determination
Inscribed Crest of Fervor
Inscribed Crest of Concentration
Inscribed Crest of Bounty
Inscribed Crest of Perseverance
Inscribed Crest of Survival
Inscribed Crest of Consideration
Inscribed Crest of Providence
Inscribed Crest of Menace
Inscribed Crest of Tenacity
Inscribed Crest of Resilience
Inscribed Crest of Defiance
Inscribed Crest of Fortune
Inscribed Crest of Shadows
Etched Crest of Courage
Etched Crest of Truth
Etched Crest of Heart
Etched Crest of Frenzy
Etched Crest of Fortitude
Etched Crest of Triumph
Etched Crest of Cunning
Etched Crest of Determination
Etched Crest of Fervor
Etched Crest of Concentration
Etched Crest of Bounty
Etched Crest of Perseverance
Etched Crest of Survival
Etched Crest of Consideration
Etched Crest of Providence
Etched Crest of Menace
Etched Crest of Tenacity
Etched Crest of Resilience
Etched Crest of Defiance
Etched Crest of Fortune
Etched Crest of Shadows
Polished Crest of Courage
Polished Crest of Truth
Polished Crest of Heart
Polished Crest of Frenzy
Polished Crest of Fortitude
Polished Crest of Triumph
Polished Crest of Cunning
Polished Crest of Determination
Polished Crest of Fervor
Polished Crest of Concentration
Polished Crest of Bounty
Polished Crest of Perseverance
Polished Crest of Survival
Polished Crest of Consideration
Polished Crest of Providence
Polished Crest of Menace
Polished Crest of Tenacity
Polished Crest of Resilience
Polished Crest of Defiance
Polished Crest of Fortune
Polished Crest of Shadows
Inlaid Crest of Courage
Inlaid Crest of Truth
Inlaid Crest of Heart
Inlaid Crest of Frenzy
Inlaid Crest of Fortitude
Inlaid Crest of Triumph
Inlaid Crest of Cunning
Inlaid Crest of Determination
Inlaid Crest of Fervor
Inlaid Crest of Concentration
Inlaid Crest of Bounty
Inlaid Crest of Perseverance
Inlaid Crest of Survival
Inlaid Crest of Consideration
Inlaid Crest of Providence
Inlaid Crest of Menace
Inlaid Crest of Tenacity
Inlaid Crest of Resilience
Inlaid Crest of Defiance
Inlaid Crest of Fortune
Inlaid Crest of Shadows
Polished Sigil of Courage
Polished Sigil of Truth
Polished Sigil of Heart
Polished Sigil of Frenzy
Polished Sigil of Fortitude
Polished Sigil of Triumph
Polished Sigil of Cunning
Polished Sigil of Determination
Polished Sigil of Fervor
Polished Sigil of Concentration
Polished Sigil of Bounty
Polished Sigil of Perseverance
Polished Sigil of Survival
Polished Sigil of Consideration
Polished Sigil of Providence
Polished Sigil of Menace
Polished Sigil of Tenacity
Polished Sigil of Resilience
Polished Sigil of Defiance
Polished Sigil of Fortune
Polished Sigil of Shadows
Sharp Sigil of Courage
Sharp Sigil of Truth
Sharp Sigil of Heart
Sharp Sigil of Frenzy
Sharp Sigil of Fortitude
Sharp Sigil of Triumph
Sharp Sigil of Cunning
Sharp Sigil of Determination
Sharp Sigil of Fervor
Sharp Sigil of Concentration
Sharp Sigil of Bounty
Sharp Sigil of Perseverance
Sharp Sigil of Survival
Sharp Sigil of Consideration
Sharp Sigil of Providence
Sharp Sigil of Menace
Sharp Sigil of Tenacity
Sharp Sigil of Resilience
Sharp Sigil of Defiance
Sharp Sigil of Fortune
Sharp Sigil of Shadows
Sturdy Sigil of Courage
Sturdy Sigil of Truth
Sturdy Sigil of Heart
Sturdy Sigil of Frenzy
Sturdy Sigil of Fortitude
Sturdy Sigil of Triumph
Sturdy Sigil of Cunning
Sturdy Sigil of Determination
Sturdy Sigil of Fervor
Sturdy Sigil of Concentration
Sturdy Sigil of Bounty
Sturdy Sigil of Perseverance
Sturdy Sigil of Survival
Sturdy Sigil of Consideration
Sturdy Sigil of Providence
Sturdy Sigil of Menace
Sturdy Sigil of Tenacity
Sturdy Sigil of Resilience
Sturdy Sigil of Defiance
Sturdy Sigil of Fortune
Sturdy Sigil of Shadows
Inscribed Sigil of Courage
Inscribed Sigil of Truth
Inscribed Sigil of Heart
Inscribed Sigil of Frenzy
Inscribed Sigil of Fortitude
Inscribed Sigil of Triumph
Inscribed Sigil of Cunning
Inscribed Sigil of Determination
Inscribed Sigil of Fervor
Inscribed Sigil of Concentration
Inscribed Sigil of Bounty
Inscribed Sigil of Perseverance
Inscribed Sigil of Survival
Inscribed Sigil of Consideration
Inscribed Sigil of Providence
Inscribed Sigil of Menace
Inscribed Sigil of Tenacity
Inscribed Sigil of Resilience
Inscribed Sigil of Defiance
Inscribed Sigil of Fortune
Inscribed Sigil of Shadows
Etched Sigil of Courage
Etched Sigil of Truth
Etched Sigil of Heart
Etched Sigil of Frenzy
Etched Sigil of Fortitude
Etched Sigil of Triumph
Etched Sigil of Cunning
Etched Sigil of Determination
Etched Sigil of Fervor
Etched Sigil of Concentration
Etched Sigil of Bounty
Etched Sigil of Perseverance
Etched Sigil of Survival
Etched Sigil of Consideration
Etched Sigil of Providence
Etched Sigil of Menace
Etched Sigil of Tenacity
Etched Sigil of Resilience
Etched Sigil of Defiance
Etched Sigil of Fortune
Etched Sigil of Shadows
Sharp Relic of Courage
Sharp Relic of Truth
Sharp Relic of Heart
Sharp Relic of Frenzy
Sharp Relic of Fortitude
Sharp Relic of Triumph
Sharp Relic of Cunning
Sharp Relic of Determination
Sharp Relic of Fervor
Sharp Relic of Concentration
Sharp Relic of Bounty
Sharp Relic of Perseverance
Sharp Relic of Survival
Sharp Relic of Consideration
Sharp Relic of Providence
Sharp Relic of Menace
Sharp Relic of Tenacity
Sharp Relic of Resilience
Sharp Relic of Defiance
Sharp Relic of Fortune
Sharp Relic of Shadows
Sturdy Relic of Courage
Sturdy Relic of Truth
Sturdy Relic of Heart
Sturdy Relic of Frenzy
Sturdy Relic of Fortitude
Sturdy Relic of Triumph
Sturdy Relic of Cunning
Sturdy Relic of Determination
Sturdy Relic of Fervor
Sturdy Relic of Concentration
Sturdy Relic of Bounty
Sturdy Relic of Perseverance
Sturdy Relic of Survival
Sturdy Relic of Consideration
Sturdy Relic of Providence
Sturdy Relic of Menace
Sturdy Relic of Tenacity
Sturdy Relic of Resilience
Sturdy Relic of Defiance
Sturdy Relic of Fortune
Sturdy Relic of Shadows
Etched Relic of Courage
Etched Relic of Truth
Etched Relic of Heart
Etched Relic of Frenzy
Etched Relic of Fortitude
Etched Relic of Triumph
Etched Relic of Cunning
Etched Relic of Determination
Etched Relic of Fervor
Etched Relic of Concentration
Etched Relic of Bounty
Etched Relic of Perseverance
Etched Relic of Survival
Etched Relic of Consideration
Etched Relic of Providence
Etched Relic of Menace
Etched Relic of Tenacity
Etched Relic of Resilience
Etched Relic of Defiance
Etched Relic of Fortune
Etched Relic of Shadows
Inscribed Sign of Courage
Inscribed Sign of Truth
Inscribed Sign of Heart
Inscribed Sign of Frenzy
Inscribed Sign of Fortitude
Inscribed Sign of Triumph
Inscribed Sign of Cunning
Inscribed Sign of Determination
Inscribed Sign of Fervor
Inscribed Sign of Concentration
Inscribed Sign of Bounty
Inscribed Sign of Perseverance
Inscribed Sign of Survival
Inscribed Sign of Consideration
Inscribed Sign of Providence
Inscribed Sign of Menace
Inscribed Sign of Tenacity
Inscribed Sign of Resilience
Inscribed Sign of Defiance
Inscribed Sign of Fortune
Inscribed Sign of Shadows
Jagged Sign of Courage
Jagged Sign of Truth
Jagged Sign of Heart
Jagged Sign of Frenzy
Jagged Sign of Fortitude
Jagged Sign of Triumph
Jagged Sign of Cunning
Jagged Sign of Determination
Jagged Sign of Fervor
Jagged Sign of Concentration
Jagged Sign of Bounty
Jagged Sign of Perseverance
Jagged Sign of Survival
Jagged Sign of Consideration
Jagged Sign of Providence
Jagged Sign of Menace
Jagged Sign of Tenacity
Jagged Sign of Resilience
Jagged Sign of Defiance
Jagged Sign of Fortune
Jagged Sign of Shadows
Sturdy Sign of Courage
Sturdy Sign of Truth
Sturdy Sign of Heart
Sturdy Sign of Frenzy
Sturdy Sign of Fortitude
Sturdy Sign of Triumph
Sturdy Sign of Cunning
Sturdy Sign of Determination
Sturdy Sign of Fervor
Sturdy Sign of Concentration
Sturdy Sign of Bounty
Sturdy Sign of Perseverance
Sturdy Sign of Survival
Sturdy Sign of Consideration
Sturdy Sign of Providence
Sturdy Sign of Menace
Sturdy Sign of Tenacity
Sturdy Sign of Resilience
Sturdy Sign of Defiance
Sturdy Sign of Fortune
Sturdy Sign of Shadows
Polished Brand of Courage
Polished Brand of Truth
Polished Brand of Heart
Polished Brand of Frenzy
Polished Brand of Fortitude
Polished Brand of Triumph
Polished Brand of Cunning
Polished Brand of Determination
Polished Brand of Fervor
Polished Brand of Concentration
Polished Brand of Bounty
Polished Brand of Perseverance
Polished Brand of Survival
Polished Brand of Consideration
Polished Brand of Providence
Polished Brand of Menace
Polished Brand of Tenacity
Polished Brand of Resilience
Polished Brand of Defiance
Polished Brand of Fortune
Polished Brand of Shadows
Etched Brand of Courage
Etched Brand of Truth
Etched Brand of Heart
Etched Brand of Frenzy
Etched Brand of Fortitude
Etched Brand of Triumph
Etched Brand of Cunning
Etched Brand of Determination
Etched Brand of Fervor
Etched Brand of Concentration
Etched Brand of Bounty
Etched Brand of Perseverance
Etched Brand of Survival
Etched Brand of Consideration
Etched Brand of Providence
Etched Brand of Menace
Etched Brand of Tenacity
Etched Brand of Resilience
Etched Brand of Defiance
Etched Brand of Fortune
Etched Brand of Shadows
Symbol of Courage
Symbol of Cunning
Symbol of Perseverance
Symbol of Menace
Symbol of Defiance
Symbol of Shadows
Symbol of Courage
Symbol of Truth
Symbol of Heart
Symbol of Frenzy
Symbol of Fortitude
Symbol of Triumph
Symbol of Cunning
Symbol of Determination
Symbol of Fervor
Symbol of Concentration
Symbol of Bounty
Symbol of Perseverance
Symbol of Survival
Symbol of Consideration
Symbol of Providence
Symbol of Menace
Symbol of Tenacity
Symbol of Resilience
Symbol of Defiance
Symbol of Fortune
Symbol of Shadows
Symbol of Courage
Symbol of Truth
Symbol of Heart
Symbol of Frenzy
Symbol of Fortitude
Symbol of Triumph
Symbol of Cunning
Symbol of Determination
Symbol of Fervor
Symbol of Concentration
Symbol of Bounty
Symbol of Perseverance
Symbol of Survival
Symbol of Consideration
Symbol of Providence
Symbol of Menace
Symbol of Tenacity
Symbol of Resilience
Symbol of Defiance
Symbol of Fortune
Symbol of Shadows
Quantity
.
Wireless controller not detected. Please check connection and battery levels for the wireless controller.
Download in Progress
Next Area Currently Unavailable
Download Complete
New Area Is Now Available
Talon Bow Upgrade
Sell an Enchantment to create room for more.
Brok & Sindri Favors: %d of %d
Wayward Spirit Favors: %d of %d
Dragons Freed: %d of %d
Valkyries Killed: %d of %d
Muspelheim Complete
Niflheim Complete
Midgard is the center of the Realms.
To return to Midgard, Press [TriangleButton]
Sell the Valkyrie’s helmet at a shop for Hacksilver. It has no other use on your journey.
Use the axe to freeze the gears and line up the runic phrase.
Unavailable
Unavailable at this time.
Take All
Are you sure? Any unsaved data will be lost.
Croatian
Bulgarian
Skill is currently unavailable
Previous Skill required
Enchantment Sockets
LVL
Empty Enchantment Slot
Not enough XP
Download in Progress
Currently downloading save data
Download Complete
Downloading
Seconds Left
Minutes Left
Minute Left
Hours Left
Hour Left
Purchased
A Thief’s Testimony
“To the next poor fool to find this place,
You’d be wiser to flee than to brave the dangers within… but count yourself lucky I came before you to unwittingly free the prior occupant, and die a fool in the process.
I came for treasure and found only death on wings. I tried to step out of the realm, but she wouldn’t let go. It tore most terribly. The Tree bleeds for my foolishness. Her magic will surely ripple through this realm for ages, tearing at its fabric. And for what? I’m dead and she’s escaped just the same. Why did I fight it? Fool, fool, fool.
My only solace is her jailor followed close behind. To Muspel it might have been, or Niflheim. Either way, she’ll be caught…though they’ll need a new prison… I’ve ruined this one.
The Lindwyrm comes for me…”
There is still more to do! Explore with Atreus to complete Favors, travel to other realms, and face even more powerful enemies.
Atreus Armor
Check the Summary on the left to view all tasks available in a realm. Switch realms with [directional pad].
Check the Goals tab to find more details on Valkyries, Favors and Labors of every realm!
New items have been added to the Shop!
Autumn, Summer, Spring, Winter
Brok’s Shop
Sindri’s Shop
Huldra Shop
Sec
Hidden Skill
Continue The Journey to reveal Skill.
Atreus’s Talon Bow can be upgraded to make more Skills available for purchase.
If you’re having trouble with a certain enemy, consult the Bestiary in the Codex tab for tips on how to defeat it!
Language
Accessibility
View Controls
Crafted
Upgraded to max
HUD
Autosave
Death’s Vow Shoulder Guard
Death’s Vow Gauntlet
Death’s Vow Belt
A simple leather belt, dyed black.
Kratos’s mourning garb.
A single black gauntlet, signifying the loss of a loved one.
Death’s Vow Tunic
Black funerary armor for Atreus to honor his fallen mother.
Guardian Shield
A Frost Giant king who stole Thor’s hammer… but it looks like Thor kills everyone anyway.
“Thrym the Cunning” ransomed Mjölnir for Freya, and Odin went along to sneak Thor into Jötunheim. If not for Freya, he might have killed every last Giant there!
completed the Hunt
Completed the Hunt
started the Journey to the Mountain
Started the Journey to the Mountain
reached the Lake of Nine
Reached the Lake of Nine
is exploring a mysterious land
Exploring a mysterious land
is travelling to the Summit
Travelling to the Summit
is using old Magick
Using old Magick
is exploring Thamur’s Corpse
Exploring Thamur’s Corpse
is rediscovering the past
Rediscovering the past
is exploring a mysterious vault
Exploring a mysterious vault
is returning to the Peak of Midgard
Returning to the Peak of Midgard
is unearthing lost secrets
Unearthing lost secrets
is exploring the Lake of Nine
Exploring the Lake of Nine
Go to Sockets
Adept Warrior
Family Heirloom
Spartan’s Heritage
This skill has no additional bonuses
Press [R3] to toggle enemy lock-on.
Move [JoystickR] left or right to switch lock-on target.
None
Axe Light Runic Attacks
Axe Heavy Runic Attacks
Blades Light Runic Attacks
Blades Heavy Runic Attacks
Crest of Flame
Greater Crest of Flame
Crest of Surtr
A rare resource mined from the volcanic fires of the Eldthursar mountains of southern Muspelheim. Used to craft and upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of primordial flame.
A very rare resource gathered from the hottest flames of the Scorching Seas of Muspelheim. Used to craft and upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of primordial flame.
An extremely rare resource found only in the deepest of Surtr’s fire mines in Muspelheim. Used to craft and upgrade armor, Pommels, and Talismans with the powers of primordial flame.
Keys Collected
%d / %d\n
Surtr’s Hidden Trials have opened. The summit awaits… \n
Press [AdvanceButton] to accept the challenge
Press [BackButton] to reject the call
Press [TriangleButton] to warm up
Prove yourself…\n
Keys Required
%d / %d\n
Press [BackButton] to reject the call
Press [TriangleButton] to warm up
Surtr’s Hidden Trials
Gauntlet: Defeat all enemies as quickly as possible
Best: %02d:%02d
Last: %02d:%02d \n
Completion Time:
Gold: %02d:%02d
Silver: %02d:%02d
Bronze: %02d:%02d \n
Press [AdvanceButton] to accept the challenge
Press [BackButton] to reject the call
Press [TriangleButton] to warm up
Time Attack: Defeat as many enemies as possible before the time limit expires
Best: %d
Last: %d\n
Enemies Defeated:
Gold: %d
Silver: %d
Bronze: %d\n
Press [AdvanceButton] to accept the challenge
Press [BackButton] to reject the call
Press [TriangleButton] to warm up
Flawless: Defeat all enemies without being hit
Best: %d
Last: %d\n
Enemies Defeated:
Gold: %d
Silver: %d
Bronze: %d\n
Press [AdvanceButton] to accept the challenge
Press [BackButton] to reject the call
Press [TriangleButton] to warm up
Gold: %d
Enemies Killed: %d
Silver: %d
Enemies Killed: %d
Bronze: %d
Enemies Killed: %d
Gold: %d
Enemies Killed: %d
%02d:%02d
Silver: %d
Enemies Killed: %d
%02d:%02d
Bronze: %d
Enemies Killed: %d
%02d:%02d
Gold: %02d:%02d
Remaining: %d
%02d:%02d
Silver: %02d:%02d
Remaining: %d
%02d:%02d
Bronze: %02d:%02d
Remaining: %d
%02d:%02d
Challenge Complete (Gold)
%02d:%02d
Challenge Complete (Gold)
%d
Challenge Complete (Silver)
%02d:%02d
Challenge Complete (Silver)
%d
Challenge Complete (Bronze)
%02d:%02d
Challenge Complete (Bronze)
%d
Key of the First
Key of the Second
Key of the Third
Key of the Fourth
Key of the Fifth
A usable token signifying completion of the first challenge.
A usable token signifying completion of the second challenge.
A usable token signifying completion of the third challenge.
A usable token signifying completion of the fourth challenge.
A usable token signifying completion of the fifth challenge.
Christopher Judge
Sunny Suljic
Jeremy Davies
Danielle Bisutti
Alastair Duncan
Robert Craighead
Adam Harrington
Are you sure you want to overwrite this save?
Frost
Burn
The Light Elves
The Light Elves are back! We freed the Light of Alfheim from whatever the Dark Elves were doing to it, and they all returned to the temple. Everything is beautiful in Alfheim now that the Light shines free. The Light Elves seem nice. They don’t really say anything, but at least they aren’t trying to kill us. Father says I shouldn’t assume anything, but what does he know? He was doing who knows what inside the Light, while I had to take down an entire swarm of Dark Elves by myself. I don’t care what he says… I’m glad we got involved.
Svartáljǫfurr
We just killed the Dark Elf King that’s been harassing us this whole time. I thought I’d feel good about that, but… just before he died, he said the Light Elves were the bad guys. Could that be true? What if we’ve been fighting against the good guys this whole time? The Light Elves don’t SEEM evil, but… if they really were the ones who started this war, then maybe the Dark Elves were just fighting back? So confusing… I guess I see why Father didn’t want to get involved (but I’m not going to tell him that).
Hræzlyr
I can’t believe it… Father just killed a dragon! I’ve never seen him fight like that before. I mean, I know he’s really strong and all, but this thing was huge! The dragon’s name was Hræzlyr, which is sort of like the word for “Terror”. It’s an appropriate name too—he’s vicious, ugly, and shoots lightning out of his mouth. Luckily, Father was able to find some Yggdrasil tree sap crystals, and he used them to stun Hræzlyr. Then he stabbed a big crystal into his throat! There was a big explosion, and down went the dragon. I’m still shaking from the excitement, but Father doesn’t even seem fazed. Does he ever get scared?
Legion
Freya always seems to have more and more magic up her sleeve. First she used her roots to try to restrain Father and Baldur, but they were too strong. Then she reanimated Thamur—the Giant Stone Mason! That was incredible, but it still didn’t work. Baldur kept trying to kill Freya, and we couldn’t let that happen. So we kept fighting, and Freya summoned these weird creatures. They kept trying to grab Father to keep him from fighting. Luckily, they go down easily. There sure are a lot of them though…
Valkyrie Spirits
These spirits appear after we kill their physical forms, which act as some sort of prison. The spirits have no control over their bodies, which are REALLY powerful. The hardest monster we’ve ever faced, and it’s inhabited by a peaceful spirit. Go figure.
Hidden Skill
Seconds
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
In Search of Freyr
“The Light is ours again, but there is no time to lose. Only the return of Lord Freyr can secure peace. Surely we are liberated by forces sent forth at his command, like the sword of legend. But Freyr himself remains lost, and now we must come to his aid. Some believe he has returned to Vanaheim, while others believe he is held in Asgard. Both paths are now found shut. With the temple secure, all Elf-kind is called away to seek out our lost lord.”
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
The Aesir’s Punishment
“Captain Erik,
This is our fault. We managed to find a way inside one of the Asgardian Libraries you told us to stay away from, and made off with more coin in one day than we’d see from years of trading. But the thunderstorm that sank your fleet… During the tempest, I had a vision. Thor himself came to me. He appeared on the deck of the Mariusuden in a bolt of lightning, and demanded vengeance. We stole from the gods, he said, and for that, we must be punished. A brilliant flash of light followed, and then everything went dark. We awoke stranded up here. Somehow we managed to survive the shipwreck, though I imagine it is part of the Aesir’s punishment. Now we are forced to live out our last few days stranded on a cliff, surrounded by Hel-Walkers and Tatzlewurms. Starving, at each other’s throats. It won’t be long now. Will Aegir be understanding? Will Ran be compassionate? Or will they cast me out to freeze in Hel? I suppose it is not for me to know.
I’m sorry, Captain Erik.”
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
Aspis of Spartan Fury
Radiant Shield of Unity
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER
Pristine Dust of the Realm
Pristine Ore of the Realm
Pristine Scales of the Realm
Mystic dust that pulses with mysterious forces. Used to upgrade powerful armor. Found only at Stone Falls.
A flawless stone containing a mixture of rare metals. Used to upgrade powerful armor. Found only in the Iron Cove.
Scales from the World Serpent, infused with the Light of Alfheim. Used to upgrade powerful armor. Found only at the Light Elf Outpost.
Unsocket
Press [AdvanceButton] to accept the challenge
Press [BackButton] to reject the call
Press [TriangleButton] to warm up
Music By
Executive Producer
Produced by
Directed by
Bear McCreary
Shannon Studstill
Yumi Yang
Cory Barlog
Upgrade of %s successful. New Skills are now available in the Skills tab.
Muspelheim Tower
Alfheim Tower
Asgard Tower
Vanaheim Tower
Freya’s House
Niflheim Tower
Realm Tower
Helheim Tower
Svartalfheim Tower
Witch’s House
Retrieve 500 Mist Echoes
Craft the Entry Stone
Eitr Imbued
Search for armor materials
Retrieved %s Mist Echoes from Ivaldi’s Workshop.
Show Entrances
Show All
Show Shops
Show Gateways
Show Docks
Show Fights
Sindri can reforge Ivaldi’s armor, but he’ll need materials from Niflheim. We should keep our eyes open for Ivaldi’s rusted armor and bring it back to him.
Talon Quiver
Atreus’s quiver.
Most Niflheim resources can be exchanged for Mist Echoes.
Most resources retrieved from Ivaldi’s Workshop can be exchanged for additional Mist Echoes.
Enchantments increase Kratos’s Power Level. Try to fill any empty Enchantment Sockets!
Cooldown Active
Sold
You can buy this back in the BUY section of the shop.
Purchased
You can now buy a Resurrection Stone.
A powerful shield forged by two legendary Dwarven blacksmiths.
An illustrious shield crafted by the Light Elves of Alfheim.
A menacing shield wielded only by the strongest Dark Elves of Alfheim.
A stalwart shield etched by a great Stone Mason from Jötunheim.
A mysterious shield coveted by those walking the Path of the Traveler.
A golden shield bursting with the righteous glory of Valhalla.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Breastplate
Upgrade to increase Stats.
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Breastplate
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Waist Guard
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Waist Guard
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Gauntlets
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Gauntlets
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Breastplate
Upgrade to increase Stats.
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Breastplate
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Waist Guard
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Waist Guard
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Gauntlets
Upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Gauntlets
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Invert Horizontal Control
Lock-On Camera
Set the horizontal speed of the camera.
Set the vertical speed of the camera.
Set normal or inverted horizontal camera movement.
Set normal or inverted vertical camera movement.
Set amount of handheld movement on the camera. Does not affect cinematic moments.
Set the motion blur strength.
Set the horizontal speed of the aim camera.
Set the vertical speed of the aim camera.
Toggle assist for the aim camera.
Enable the lock-on camera. Use [R3] to toggle lock-on targets.
Aim Assist
Controller Vibration
Retrieve 500 Mist Echoes from Ivaldi’s Workshop.
Return to Sindri’s Shop and purchase the Niflheim Entry Stone from the Buy menu.
Crafting with Mist Echoes
Pause Menu
Move
Sheathe / Unsheathe
Arrow Type
[Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH
[Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC
[Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE
[Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY
[Icons:LUCK] LUCK
[Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN
Upgrade of %s successful. New Skills are now available for purchase.
Completed 100% of God of War
has completed 100% of God of War
Runic Attacks and Talisman abilities recharge immediately. Return to the Arena Sword when finished.
You have acquired a Runic Summon. Runic Summons can be equipped to the Talon Bow in the Weapons tab. Hold [SonActionButton] to activate Runic Summons.
Difficulty Changed
Changing difficulty will restart you from the last checkpoint. Are you sure you want to change difficulty?
Select Difficulty
An exceptional shield gifted to Kratos by his beloved wife on the anniversary of the night they met.
Acquired
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with greatly increasing the duration of the Blessings of the Frost Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with greatly increasing the duration of the Wrath of the Frost Ancient Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with a short boost to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC when using the Hel’s Touch Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with a high chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH when using the Mists of Helheim Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the damage inflicted by the Breath of Thamur Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the duration of the Gift of Apollo Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the damage of the Blast of Hephaestus Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the damage of the Nemean Crush Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the damage of the Tartarus Rage Runic Attack.
Purchase a legendary Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with adding an explosive bomb to the Wrath of Artemis Runic Attack.
After receiving new crafting recipes, consult the Resources tab for information about where to locate crafting resources.
Enemies with a higher Power Level than Kratos are harder to stagger, launch, and STUN.
Raise Kratos’s Power Level by improving his equipment.
Film Grain
Set the film grain.
Move slider until the images are the same brightness
Move slider until the loss of bright details in the image begins
Adjust Brightness
Adjust Contrast
Adjust Darkness
Adjust Intensity
Adjust Gamma
Adjust Whitepoint
Brightness
Contrast
Darkness
Intensity
Minimum Brightness
Maximum Brightness
Gamma
Whitepoint
Complete certain in-game actions by either tapping the prompt button rapidly or holding it down.
Complete chisel door gameplay with either precise directional input with vibrational feedback or a single button press.
Audio Mode
Change audio output based on your configuration
Set subtitle display based on selected Text Language.
Choose Text Language to display in-game
Choose Language for all in-game voices
Adjust Music Volume.
Adjust Dialogue Volume.
Adjust SFX Volume.
Adjust the intensity of controller vibration.
Normal
Default setting with all in-game HUD displayed
Minimal HUD displayed
No HUD displayed
Warrior
Immersive
Choose button configuration for Interact and Evade.
Choose button configuration for Combat.
Choose button configuration for Quick Turn.
“Give Me a Story” is for players who want to experience the story without too much of a gameplay challenge.
“Give Me a Balanced Experience” is for players who want an adventure that's reasonably challenging.
“Give Me a Challenge” is for those who want a more demanding combat experience.
“Give Me God of War” is for those who want the game as difficult as possible, requiring god-like reflexes and strategy.
“Give Me God of War” is only available when starting a new game
Difficulty cannot be changed while mid-game \n“Give Me God of War” is only available when starting a new game
Give Me a Story
Give Me a Balanced Experience
Give Me a Challenge
Give Me God of War
Empty
Active Markers
Save Last Checkpoint
Chisel Doors
Repeated Button Presses
Queued
Currently empty. Runic Attack Gems are slotted here. Runic Attack Gems can be found in the world and purchased at Dwarven Shops.
Currently empty. Wrist Armor is equipped here. Wrist Armor can be found in the world and crafted at Dwarven Shops.
Currently empty. Talismans are equipped here. Talismans can be found in the world and crafted at Dwarven Shops.
Currently empty. Runic Summons are equipped here. Runic Summons can be found in the world.
Language Download In Progress
Selected language has not finished downloading.
Language will default to:
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to add an Enchantment Socket and increase Stats.
Bonus to all Stats.
Level
Next Level
Upgrade Runic Attack
Greatly increases Healthstone potency.
When rapid firing, the last arrow inflicts greatly increased damage.
Enemies in air take massively increased damage.
Enemies in air take greatly increased damage.
Greatly increases STUN damage inflicted by Atreus’s melee attacks.
Enemies choked by Atreus will take massively increased damage.
Enemies choked by Atreus will take greatly increased damage.
Sprint
100% Complete
Lock-On
Special Items
Currently empty. Enchantments are slotted here. Enchantments can be found in the world and purchased at Dwarven Shops.
Sell All
Disabled
Enabled
Enchantments
You have equipped armor that contains an Enchantment Socket.
Enchantments can only be socketed into equipped armor and Talismans that have Enchantment Sockets. Enchantments provide Stat bonuses and unique Perks when the item they are socketed into is equipped.
Some armors can have up to three Enchantment Sockets. Press [SquareButton] to select the Socket on equipped armor.
Press [DownButton] to select the empty Socket.
Press [AdvanceButton] to select from available Enchantments.
Select an Enchantment and Press [AdvanceButton] to equip it into this armor's Socket.
You have successfully equipped an Enchantment into this armor. More Enchantments can be found exploring the world or purchased at Shops when available.
Upgrade Weapon
Welcome to a Dwarven Shop. From here, you can upgrade equipment you already own, or craft entirely new equipment.\n\nPress [RightButton] to go to the Upgrade menu.
Brok has given you a Frozen Flame—a rare resource! Resources found in the world can be used to craft and upgrade your equipment.
Press [AdvanceButton] to select the Leviathan Axe.
Kratos’s equipment has Power Levels and Stats. Upgrading the axe levels it up and increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH, which contributes to Kratos’s overall Power Level and Stats.
Kratos’s Power Level and Stats are displayed here. Press [L3] to show Stat descriptions.
Each Stat has different gameplay benefits. Press [L3] again to hide the descriptions.
When upgrading an item, the Power Level and Stats gained will be displayed on the item card, and also reflected on Kratos’s Stat table.
Upgrading a weapon permanently increases these Stats. Other items must be equipped to influence Kratos’s Stats.
Resources required to upgrade an item are displayed at the bottom of the item card.
Hold [SquareButton] to upgrade the Leviathan Axe.
The axe is now at Level 2. Find another Frozen Flame to upgrade it further.
Upgrading your weapons unlocks new Skills for purchase. Visit the Skills tab in the Pause Menu to purchase them. Press [BackButton]
Press [LeftButton] to go to the Craft menu where you can choose to craft new equipment.
Resurrection Stones
Resurrection Stones are now available in Shops.
Resurrection Stones can be purchased so Atreus can revive Kratos from death. Press [RightButton] to enter the Buy section of the Shop.
Press [AdvanceButton] to view available Resurrection Stones.
There are different types of Resurrection Stones, but Atreus can only carry one at a time. To purchase a different type of Resurrection Stone, you must first remove your equipped one. Use it in combat or sell it at a Shop.
Dwarven Shop
Talismans, Pommels, and Enchantments are now available at Shops.
Upgrade Armor
Armor, along with other equipment, can be upgraded at Shops. Press [RightButton] to select the Upgrade menu.
Upgrading armor improves its Stats, Power Level, and can add Enchantment Sockets.
View the available upgrades for armor by selecting the armor of your choice.
Weapon Pommels
Pommels can be equipped on your weapon. Each Pommel will increase Stats and provide unique Perks based on your actions in combat. Pommels can be upgraded to improve their Stats.
Runic Summons
Lost Items
You have some Lost Items! These are items that you left behind on the battlefield. Press [RightButton] to select the Lost Items menu.
Hold [SquareButton] to claim all Lost Items.
Not Downloading
Press [R3] to Activate
Press [BlockButton] to Activate
You’ve acquired the recipe for the Royal Dwarven Armor! Now that you’ve collected the ingredients from Mótsognir’s Stronghold, Brok will be able to craft it here in Týr’s Temple. Or, find a Sindri Shop out in the world to craft his version of the Dvegræðikr; Dwarven Armor of Legend!
Dvegræðikr
On Completion:
[EconomyXP]  6000
Per Shrine:
[EconomyXP]  100
Hold [SquareButton] to get all lost items
A purchased Resurrection Stone will be displayed here.
You are frozen! Hold [InteractButton] to escape!
The Revenant has frozen you. Hold [InteractButton] to escape.
Are you sure?
Precision
Single Button
Upgraded
NOTE: This difficulty cannot be changed mid-game, so a new game must be started to change the difficulty.
Manual
Download
Stop Download
Epic
Legendary
Rare
Common
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY by 6.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN by 6.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC by 6.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:LUCK] LUCK by 10.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY by 3.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:COOLDOWN] COOLDOWN by 3.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC by 3.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:LUCK] LUCK by 5.
An Enchantment that slightly increases a random Stat and provides some protection against the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
An Enchantment that increases random Stats and may have a random Perk.
An Enchantment that increases random Stats and may have a random Perk.
An Enchantment that increases a random Stat.
Cannot equip another Runic Attack Gem while cooldown is active
Customize weapons by equipping Runic Attack Gems and Pommels
Customize this armor by selecting an Enchantment Socket to equip an Enchantment
UI Brightness
Adjust the brightness of UI elements
Adjust until the serpent is barely visible on both halves of the image
Adjust until the logo is barely visible on both halves of the image
Adjust until details are barely visible on both halves of the image.
A hunting bow, crafted for Atreus by his mother.
Congratulations!
A hunting bow, crafted for Atreus by his mother. Currently upgraded to level 2.
A hunting bow, crafted for Atreus by his mother. Currently upgraded to level 3.
A hunting bow, crafted for Atreus by his mother. Currently upgraded to level 4.
A hunting bow, crafted for Atreus by his mother. Currently upgraded to level 5.
A hunting bow, crafted for Atreus by his mother. Fully upgraded.
Cannot equip another Talisman while cooldown is active
Cannot Equip
Hold [SquareButton] to claim all Lost Items
Stereo setup not detected. Headphone Mode (Stereo Only) not available.
Stereo setup detected. Select “on” to enable Headphone Mode (Stereo Only) and “off” for stereo speakers.
New Game Data
Go to Menu
Map Markers
Press [L2Button] or [R2Button] to show Map Markers by category.
Press [R3] to cycle between actively tracked Map Markers.
Make sure you can see the game logo in the bright and dark part of the image.
Customize this Talisman by selecting an Enchantment Socket to equip an Enchantment
Equipping this Enchantment will unequip it from another Socket.
Death’s Vow Armor Set
Enchantments can only be socketed into currently equipped items
Reset Sockets
You have selected armor that contains an Enchantment Socket.
Enchantments can be attached to armor and Talismans that have Enchantment Sockets. Enchantments provide Stat bonuses and unique Perks when the item they are socketed into is equipped.
Some armors can have up to three Enchantment Sockets. Press [SquareButton] to select the Socket on this armor.
[EconomyXP]  250
[EconomyXP]  750
[EconomyXP]  3500
[EconomyXP]  2500
[EconomyXP]  5000
[EconomyXP]  10000
[EconomyXP]  15000
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:LUCK] LUCK by 13.
Graphics Mode
Favor Resolution
Favor Performance
Renders the game in 2160p Checkerboard resolution.
Supersamples to your display resolution if your display does not support 4K.
Renders game at 1080p resolution.
Option only available on PlayStation®4 Pro console.
View in Menu
Saving Game
Saving game data.
Please do not turn off your console.
Freya
Athena
Helheim Zeus
Reaver Spirit
Mysterious Voice
Lake Spirit
Ratatoskr
Fan Art
Concept Art
Gear Store
License
Art
Manual / License
Map Markers indicate points of interest on the map and can be filtered by category.
Saving and changing difficulty are disabled in Niflheim.
Helheim Freya
Helheim Baldur
Helheim Atreus
Helheim Modi
Power Level
Perk Effect
Saving and changing difficulty are disabled within the Cursed Mist of Niflheim.
Saving and changing difficulty are disabled in some areas of Niflheim.
This challenge is optional and can be returned to at a later time.
Realm Tears are optional challenges that can be returned to at a later time.
Valkyries are optional challenges that can be returned to at a later time.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH and [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC by 3.
An Enchantment that increases [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE and [Icons:VITALITY] VITALITY by 3.
An Enchantment that increases Stats.
Hold to show Map
Default
Are you sure? These settings will be reset back to default values.
Cinematic in Progress
Various bug fixes and improvements
Various other bug fixes and improvements
Added photo mode, enjoy and share!
Added settings options to favor performance or resolution when playing on a PlayStation®4 Pro system
Fixed a rare condition where the trophy “Beneath the Surface” would not unlock correctly
Fixed a rare condition where the trophy “Primordial” would not unlock correctly
Fixed some conditions where 100% completion would not be awarded
General tuning on tutorial notifications and timing
Fixed some rare progression blockers
Enemy difficulty tuning
Added Immersive UI Mode which shows minimal HUD
Showing speaker names in front of subtitles for additional context
HDR is not detected. Please check your TV and PlayStation®4 system.
Tutorial Mode
All
Minimal
Adjust the amount of tutorials that get shown.
Male Voice 1
Male Voice 2
Mysterious Woman
Video Settings
Enemy Health Bars
Compass
Enemy Off-Screen Indicators
Show
Video
Hide
Look
Reset Camera
Reset Settings
Hide UI
Field of View
Focal Length
Border
Square
2:1
4:3
Show Characters
Show All
Hide All
Camera Roll
Depth of Field
Custom
Other
Focus Distance
F-Stop
Film Grain Amount
Exposure
Filter
Black and White
Cool
Cross
Sepia
Vibrant
Warm
Filter Intensity
Vignette
Vignette Intensity
Vignette Falloff
Vignette Scale
HUD Mode
Default setting with all in-game HUD displayed.
Reduced setting with limited combat and navigation HUD elements displayed.
Minimal setting with only critical HUD elements displayed.
Display the Compass.
Display Enemy Health Bars.
Display Enemy Off-Screen Indicators.
Touch [TouchPad]
Silhouette
Pastel
Old
Blurange
Combat HUD
Photo Mode Camera
Up
Down
Take Photo
Share
Creature
Character
°
Photo Mode Quick Access
Press the left half of the Touch Pad Button to enter Photo Mode.
General economy balancing and tuning
Film Gate Cine
Nordic Braid Black
Nordic Braid White
Pinstripe
Pinstripe Clear
Are you sure you want to close Photo Mode?
This setting can be changed at any time.
Gameplay Notifications
Display Journal, Area Announce, and Resource Updates.
Display Kratos and Atreus Combat Information.
Boss Health Bars
Customize HUD Settings.
Exit Photo Mode
Display Boss Health Bars.
Logo
Top Left
Top Center
Top Right
Bottom Left
Bottom Center
Bottom Right
9:16
The Eyes of Odin: %d of %d
Enter Photo Mode
(Enable in Settings.)
Hold [EvadeButton]
Hold [InteractButton]
Subtitle Background
Light
Dark
Subtitle Speaker
Stun Grab
Adjust the Subtitle Background.
Hold [EvadeButton]
Hold [InteractButton]
Display the Subtitle Speaker when subtitles are turned on.
On Overlap
Click [L3]
Click [R3]
Leviathan Awakens: %d of %d
Chaos and Conflagration: %d of %d
New Artifact Set: %d of %d
Light of the World: %d of %d
More Than Myth: %d of %d
Close Realm Tears: %d of %d
Hidden Chambers: %d of %d
Exploring the Lake of Nine: %d of %d
Other Characters
Choose button configuration for Sprinting.
Choose button configuration for Stun Grab.
Hold to Sprint
An unwavering shield emblazoned with a reminder of past sins.
A lustrous shield meticulously contoured to commemorate Týr’s grand experiment.
Hidden Man
Double Tap [EvadeButton] while moving to roll.\nUse [JoystickL] and Hold [EvadeButton] to sprint.
Hold [JoystickL] forward, then Hold [EvadeButton] to sprint.
Enemies Stun Grabbed: %d of %d \n
When enemies are STUNNED and flash red, Hold [InteractButton] to grab them and deal massive damage.
Enemies in this arena will regenerate Health as quickly as you can deal it. The only way to dispose of them is by using your Stun Grab. STUN enemies by using Bare-Handed attacks and Atreus’s arrows and then finish them off with [InteractButton].
Hold [InteractButton] near STUNNED enemies to perform a Stun Grab.
Hold [InteractButton] to grab STUNNED enemies.
An enemy’s Stun Bar is located below their Health Bar.\n\nAttacking an enemy in quick succession inflicts STUN damage causing the Bar to fill. Once the Bar is filled, the enemy is STUNNED. Hold [InteractButton] to grab a STUNNED enemy.
Hold [InteractButton] to kill the Bridge Keeper
Enemies have a Stun Bar below their Health Bar. When enemies are STUNNED, Hold [InteractButton] to grab them.
Kratos's Face
Atreus's Face
Face
Pinstripe Black
Display Area Setting
Game will be displayed in the boxed area.
Adjust the area to fit the TV display.
Text Size Increase
Where possible, increase the size of text and menu elements for easier reading.
Restricted Camera
Unrestricted Camera
Medium
Medium
Large
Postcard
Rage Mode
Press [L3] + [R3]
Press [XButton] + [CircleButton]
Choose button configuration for Rage Mode.
New Game+
New Game+ will start a new game with your current equipment, [Icons:XP], Hacksilver, and purchased items. Are you sure?
Please make a manual save. New Game+ will begin as soon as this save completes.
Begin New Game+ ?
New Game+ will start a new game with equipment, [Icons:XP], Hacksilver, and purchased items from this save data. Are you sure?
Come Back Later
Camera Shake
Set amount of camera shake in gameplay. Does not affect cinematic moments.
Perfect Artifact of the Blight +
Brilliant Mark of the Dragon +
Brilliant Scale of the Chained +
Scale of the Mighty +
Týr’s Shard +
Andvari’s Soul +
Heart of Svartalfheim +
Heart of Midgard +
Feathers of the Fallen Servant +
Heart of Vanaheim +
Eye of the Winged Chosen +
Asgard’s Shard of Existence +
Ivaldi’s Corrupted Mind +
Heart of the Valkyrie +
Leviathan’s Eye +
Njörd’s Temporal Stone +
Blightguard +
Grips of the Cursed Flame +
Explosive Grips of Fire +
Grips of the Forgotten Flame +
Grips of the Valkyrie +
Retribution +
Wing of the Fallen +
Valkyrie’s Might +
Mistbourne +
Grip of the Maze +
Blightbringer +
Forbidden Grip of the Ages +
Surtr’s Grip of Flame +
Hræzla Farmaðr’s Grip +
Ymir’s Breath +
Grip of Tanngiost +
The Charm of Infinite Storms +
Talisman of Cursed Power +
Talisman of the Realms +
Shattered Gauntlet of Ages +
Hvergelmir Stone +
Sinmara’s Cinder +
Talisman of Unbound Potential +
Talisman of Eternal Fury +
Aegir’s Protection +
Talisman of Betrayal +
Horn of Heimdall +
Amulet of Kvasir +
Golden Talisman of Protection +
Talisman of Concentrated Vitality +
Versatile Warrior’s Handle +
Týr’s Lost Unity Cuirass +
Týr’s Lost Unity Gauntlets +
Týr’s Lost Unity Belt +
Breastplate of the Traveler +
Gauntlets of the Traveler +
War Belt of the Traveler +
Pauldron of the Ancients +
Gauntlet of the Ancients +
Belt of the Ancients +
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Breastplate +
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Gauntlets +
Brok’s Royal Dwarven Waist Guard +
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Breastplate +
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Gauntlets +
Sindri’s Royal Dwarven Waist Guard +
Cuirass of the Valkyrie +
Gauntlets of the Valkyrie +
Waist Guard of the Valkyrie +
Breastplate of Fallen Ash +
Gauntlets of Fallen Ash +
War Belt of Fallen Ash +
Blazing Magma Pauldrons +
Blazing Magma Wrappings +
Blazing Magma War Belt +
Smoldering Brimstone Pauldron +
Smoldering Brimstone Gauntlets +
Smoldering Brimstone Battle Belt +
Ivaldi’s Cuirass of Endless Mist +
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Endless Mist +
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Endless Mist +
Ivaldi’s Spaulders of Cursed Mist +
Ivaldi’s Bracers of Cursed Mist +
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Cursed Mist +
Ivaldi’s Pauldron of Deadly Mist +
Ivaldi’s Gauntlets of Deadly Mist +
Ivaldi’s War Belt of Deadly Mist +
Perfect
Generate Perfect Enchantment
Perfect Elemental Shielding
85% resistance against FROST, BURN, and POISON attacks.
Perfect Mark of the Ancients +
Skap Slag
Rare ores with specific impurities that are the key to unlocking all sorts of unique qualities.
Enchantment of the Ancient
Exchange the fully upgraded Ancients+ armor set for a Perfect Enchantment that grants 85% resistance against FROST, BURN, and POISON attacks.
Perfect Mark of the Traveler +
A Perfect Enchantment that will slowly regenerate a protective barrier that absorbs a single attack.
Enchantment of the Traveler
Exchange the fully upgraded Traveler+ armor set for a Perfect Enchantment that slowly regenerates a protective barrier that absorbs a single attack.
Perfect Mark of Kvasir +
Enchantment of Kvasir
Exchange the fully upgraded Amulet of Kvasir+ for a Perfect Enchantment that activates Realm Shift, temporarily slowing down surrounding enemies, on a last-second dodge.
A last-second dodge activates Realm Shift, temporarily slowing down surrounding enemies.
Perfect Mark of Protection +
Perfect Mark of Týr +
Enchantment of Tyr
Exchange the fully upgraded Týr+ armor set for a Perfect Enchantment that has a moderate Perk activation chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH, [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE, or [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC when damage is taken.
Enchantment of Protection
Exchange the fully upgraded Golden Talisman of Protection+ for a Perfect Enchantment that increases the timing window on parries, and greatly increases [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE when blocking.
[JoystickL] to dodge\n[BlockButton] to block
Skip
Skip Cinematics
Hold [AdvanceButton] during a cinematic to skip.
New Game+ allows you to start a new game while maintaining your equipment, [Icons:XP], Hacksilver, and purchased items. New Game+ can be accessed anytime from within the game’s Options menu.
Give Me a Story +
Give Me a Balanced Experience +
Give Me a Challenge +
Give Me God of War +
“Give Me a Story +” is for players who want to experience the story without too much of a gameplay challenge.
Enemies start at Power Level [NGP:STORY_POWER_LEVEL]
“Give Me a Balanced Experience +” is for players who want an adventure that's reasonably challenging.
Enemies start at Power Level [NGP:BALANCED_POWER_LEVEL]
“Give Me a Challenge +” is for those who want a more demanding combat experience.
Enemies start at Power Level [NGP:CHALLENGE_POWER_LEVEL]
“Give Me God of War +” is for those who want the game as difficult as possible, requiring god-like reflexes and strategy.
Enemies start at Power Level [NGP:GOW_POWER_LEVEL]
Cuirass of Zeus
Armor forged in the fashion of the king of the Greek gods. A blessing and a curse.
Gauntlets of Zeus
Armor forged in the fashion of the king of the Greek gods. A blessing and a curse.
War Belt of Zeus
Armor forged in the fashion of the king of the Greek gods. A blessing and a curse.
Glass Ballista
Massively increases the damage of Kratos’s standard attacks, but also intensifies the damage he receives. Both effects grow significantly as more pieces of the Zeus armor set are worn.
Cuirass of Ares
Armor forged in the fashion of the Greek God of War. A blessing and a curse.
Gauntlets of Ares
Armor forged in the fashion of the Greek God of War. A blessing and a curse.
War Belt of Ares
Armor forged in the fashion of the Greek God of War. A blessing and a curse.
Rage Fiend
Massively increases Rage gained, but reduces the size of the Rage Bar and increases drain rate during Spartan Rage. These effects grow significantly as more pieces of the Ares armor set are worn.
Cod of War Tunic
A curious garment with unusual properties.
Big Splash
Using a Healthstone or Ragestone creates a powerful explosion that inflicts FROST and BURN damage to all nearby enemies.
Cod of War Fin-Wraps
A curious garment with unusual properties.
Sea Change
If Kratos’s Health Bar is full, using Healthstones will grant Rage instead. If Kratos’s Rage Bar is full, using Ragestones will grant Health instead.
Cod of War Underbelly-Guard
A curious garment with unusual properties.
Cry Haddock
Using a Healthstone or Ragestone grants a Protective Barrier, preventing damage from enemy attacks.
Garb of the Last Jötunn
In tribute to the Jötnar left behind. Massively increases Atreus’s recovery speed and melee damage.
Legendary Fighter
Has all the Perks of the Legendary Fighter Tunic.
Spartan Training Garb
A uniform for training in the arts of war. Massively increases Atreus’s melee damage and decreases arrow recharge time.
Legendary Sharpshooter
Has all the Perks of the Legendary Sharpshooter Garb.
Vestment of the Hunter
The prey becomes the predator. Massively decreases Atreus’s arrow recharge time and increases recovery speed.
Legendary Runic
Has all the Perks of the Legendary Runic Vestment.
Tunic of the Champion
For a master of all disciplines. Massively increases Atreus’s melee damage and recovery speed, and decreases arrow recharge time.
Convert 100 [Icons:XP]
Convert 1000 [Icons:XP]
Convert 10000 [Icons:XP]
[Icons:XP] can be converted into Hacksilver. [Icons:XP] cannot be bought back once it has been converted into Hacksilver.
Barrier of the Fjörd
A resilient shield imbued with the immovable durability of a glacier.
Aegis of Reconciliation
A hardened shield commemorating the forging of new bonds.
Swap Enchantments
You are about to begin a new game. Would you like to save your current progress?
Summon a Realm Shift that temporarily slows down surrounding enemies.
Upgrade to increase Stats.
Fully upgrade to increase Stats.
Create a small defensive zone that prevents Kratos’s attacks from being interrupted, reduces the amount of damage he takes, and restores a small amount of Health.
Additional rewards in New Game+
Golden Protection
Increases the timing window on parries and greatly increases [Icons:DEFENSE] DEFENSE when blocking.
New Resource Discovered
Skap Slag can be used to craft and upgrade a variety of powerful new items found in Dwarven Shops!
New Items Discovered
Craft and upgrade a variety of powerful new items in Dwarven Shops!
Starting a New Game
Manually save your current progress before starting a new game. Autosave data may be lost when starting a new game.
Hroðr’s Frozen Shard +
Hymir’s Frozen Shard +
Bestla’s Frozen Shard +
Borr’s Frozen Shard +
Búri’s Frozen Shard +
Hyrrokkin’s Fiery Shard +
Dagr’s Fiery Shard +
Jarnsaxa’s Fiery Shard +
Aurvandil’s Fiery Shard +
Logi’s Fiery Shard +
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with greatly increasing the duration of the Blessings of the Frost Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with greatly increasing the duration of the Wrath of the Frost Ancient Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with a short boost to [Icons:RUNIC] RUNIC when using the Hel’s Touch Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with a high chance to grant a short boost to [Icons:STRENGTH] STRENGTH when using the Mists of Helheim Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the damage inflicted by the Breath of Thamur Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the duration of the Gift of Apollo Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the damage of the Blast of Hephaestus Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the damage of the Nemean Crush Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with increasing the damage of the Tartarus Rage Runic Attack.
Purchase a Perfect Enchantment that offers a random Stat bonus, along with adding an explosive bomb to the Wrath of Artemis Runic Attack.
Perfect
Unequip Resource to Buy
Added Camera shake and sway accessibility settings
New Game+ comes with a host of new gear, more difficult enemies, and cinematic skipping!
Relive the journey of Kratos and Atreus with all of your previous armors, enchantments, talismans, resources and abilities on the difficulty of your choosing.
Test your skills against higher level enemies; some of which might even have a few new tricks up their sleeves!
Unique to New Game+ is a brand new rarity level of equipment to craft and upgrade! Collect “Skap Slag”, a new resource to upgrade your gear to the best of the best from our finest blacksmiths.
Play the game in a whole new way by exploring new customization options with extremely powerful new armor sets and enchantments.
Finally, get right back into the action with the newly added ability to skip through cinematics in both normal and New Game+ modes once a full play through has been completed.
Rediscover Atreus' trail
The Beginning of the End
The Journey
Follow Atreus' footprints
Explore the Bay
Investigate the Mining Rigs
North Mining Rig
Light the North Rig
West Mining Rig
Light the West Rig
East Mining Rig
Light the East Rig
Objective Complete!
Quest Complete!
A New Journey Begins
Visit the Sköll & Hati triptych
Return Home
Odin wants me to ignore my destiny, but I have to know who I'm supposed to become.
Father doesn't approve of my sneaking off, but I've learned things that could help answer my questions. It's time I showed him.
Týr is alive. Father can't ignore this. He'll have to help me now.
Testing OST add
Testing OST add
Gusserino's Amazing Chest Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Chest Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Chest Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Chest Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Chest Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Chest Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Wrist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Wrist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Wrist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Wrist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Wrist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Wrist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Waist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Waist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Waist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Waist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Waist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Gusserino's Amazing Waist Armor
This piece of Armor is incredibly lucky
Lucky Coin
This coin makes you more lucky
Lucky Aura
Lucky Aura makes you more lucky
Lucky Heart
The Heart of the Lucky
Stone of the Odds
Stack the odds against the opponent
Gus' Super Perk
Helps you find specific, special Enchantments
ᚫ
ᛟ
ᚦ
Rigs Activated %d of %d
Continue to search for Atreus
Find a route back home
Return to the house
The boy has gone off on his own again. He is careless and easy to track.
A dead bear. No human did this. I need to find Atreus before this monster finds him.
Father followed me into the woods and saw what I can do. We need to head back to the house.
Complete!
In Service of Asgard
Repair the drills: %d of %d
Brok asked us to repair three drills in the North Bay of Svartalfheim. He said they were made by a rival dwarf named Sahrimnir and that he'll make us something useful if we do it.
Drills repaired %d of %d
A Match Made in Asgard
Unravel the mystery of Njord's home
Unravel the mystery of Skadi's home
Find Njord and Skadi's hideaway
The stories about the Vanir god, Njord, say he loved the sea. His wife, Skadi, loved the mountains. Seems like an odd pairing.
Mother told me about the giantess Skadi and her marriage to the Vanir god, Njord. I guess she choose him only by looking at his feet. Pretty weird. I remember hearing stories about her love for the hunt, mountains and skiing.
I had heard the story of Njord and Skadi's wedding before. I guess Skadi had to choose her husband only by looking at his feet. Pretty weird. We found Njord's house, we found Skadi's house, and now we know they had a secret hideaway where they could live together. He loved the sea, she loved the mountains, I wonder where it could be.
Learn more about Njord and Skadi
Favors
Njord & Skadi Key
A key to the secret getaway home of the giantess Skadi and the Vanir Njord
Common Shield
Rage Bracer Shield
Focus Attack Shield
Perfect Parry Shield
Kinetic Shield
Beam Shield
Soul Sword Shield
Siege Guard Shield
Spiked Shield
Stance Shield Variant 1
Stance Shield Variant 2
Stance Shield Variant 3
Rage Focus Shield
Long Parry Shield
Texture Quality
Model Quality
Change Controls
Move Forward
Move Backward
Move Left
Move Right
Look Up
Look Down
Look Left
Look Right
Choose button configuration for Movement.
Choose button configuration for Camera.
Resolution
Display Mode
Aspect Ratio
Monitor
Vsync
Preset
Anisotropic Filter
Shadows
Reflections
Atmospherics
Ambient Occlusion
Windowed
Borderless
Auto
Min
Low
Original
High
Ultra
Ultra+
Disable
Wide Hud
Mouse Horizontal Speed
Mouse Vertical Speed
HDR is not detected. Please check your monitor and video card.
Find the Binding Point with the mouse then Press [HeavyAttackButton] to strike.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
Display
Graphics
DLSS
FidelityFX Super Resolution
FidelityFX CAS
Render Scale
Ultra Performance
Performance
Balanced
Quality
Ultra Quality
Post Effects
Resolution Scaling
FPS Limit
FPS
Output Resolution
Render Resolution
Video Device
Video device change will take effect when game is restarted.
While evading, Hold [PrimaryMoveForwardKey] and Press[LightAttackButton] to perform a quick axe attack.
While Bare-Handed and evading, Hold [PrimaryMoveForwardKey] and Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a quick attack.
While evading, Hold [PrimaryMoveBackwardKey] and Press [LightAttackButton] for a quick boomerang throw.
While evading, Hold [PrimaryMoveBackwardKey] and Press [LightAttackButton] to attack all enemies in a large radius.
While evading, Hold [PrimaryMoveForwardKey] and Press [LightAttackButton] to perform a leaping spin attack.
Hold [PrimaryMoveBackwardKey]
then press [L3]
Driver Update Required
Not Supported
Fullscreen
Hold [PrimaryMoveForwardKey] and Press [EvadeButton] to vault over objects.
Hold [PrimaryMoveBackwardKey] then Press [L3]\nto perform a Quick Turn.
Hold [PrimaryMoveForwardKey], then Press [L3] to sprint.
Hold [PrimaryMoveForwardKey], then Hold [EvadeButton] to sprint.
Use [PrimaryMoveRightKey] to dodge right.
Use [PrimaryMoveBackwardKey] to pull the chain.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
Hold [PrimaryMoveForwardKey] to realign the bridge.
Hold [PrimaryEvadeKey] during a cinematic to skip.
Return to Main Menu
Camera Settings can be adjusted in the Settings menu. Press [ESCKey] to open the Options menu, then select Settings.
Use the Settings menu to switch Difficulty at any time. Press [ESCKey] to open the Options menu. Select Gameplay under Settings.
Use [PrimaryMoveForwardKey] and [PrimaryMoveBackwardKey] to push or pull.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
Use [PrimaryMoveForwardKey] or [PrimaryMoveBackwardKey] to turn the wheel.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
Use [PrimaryMoveLeftKey] to dodge left.
Set the presets for visual quality of the game.
Set the GPU device.
Set the monitor for display.
Set the display mode of the game window.
Set the video resolution to display the game.
The render resolution.
Set the aspect ratio of the game.
Set the Vsync mode.
Set the maximum framerate of the game.
Set the brightness and HDR.
Set the NVIDIA DLSS 2.3 quality.
Set the AMD FidelityFX Super Resolution quality.
Set the render scale of the game.
Set the mipmap quality of the streamed textures.
Set the quality of the model geometry.
Set the texture filtering quality.
Set the dynamic shadow resolution and filtering.
Set the dynamic reflections resolution and sampling.
Set the quality of dynamic fog.
Set the quality of self-shadowing.
Advanced
Set the advanced display settings.
Latency Markers
Set the latency marker mode.
NVIDIA Reflex Low Latency
Set the NVIDIA Reflex mode.
Latency Flash
Set the latency flash mode.
Latency Debug Stats
Set the latency debug mode.
On+ Boost
Default 1
Default 2
Pause On Focus Loss
Pause the game when focus is lost.
Mouse Aim Horizontal Speed
Mouse Aim Vertical Speed
Press [L3]
Press [R3]
Reticle
When Aiming
Always On
Enable a reticle that is always visible in the center of the screen.
Sound In Background
Enable sounds when the game is in the background.
Auto Sprint
Sprint forward automatically when move forward is held.
Device Disconnected
The device to control the game has been disconnected.
Choose button configuration for menus.
Disable Windows Key
Disable the Windows key.
Control Layout 1
Control Layout2
Switching to this layout will reset your controls.
Change Control Layout
Activate Talisman
Primary
Secondary
Are you sure you wish to exit the game?
The key you pressed is already mapped to another function:
Do you want to replace it?
One or more functions are not mapped to any key.\nDo you want to reconfigure the keys?
Revert
The key you pressed is already mapped to a fixed menu function.
Please try another key.
Auto Sprint Delay
Set delay before automatically sprinting.
Use [JoystickL] to move side to side.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
Use [PrimaryMoveLeftKey] and [PrimaryMoveRightKey] to move side to side.\nPress [InteractButton] to exit.
You have acquired a Runic Summon. Runic Summons can be equipped to the Talon Bow in the Weapons tab. Hold [PrimarySonActionKey] to activate Runic Summons.
Press and Hold [LightAttackButton]
Photo Saved
VRAM USED:
Set HUD to display on edges of screen.
Settings
Hover over the Light Runic Attack slot.
Hover over the Heavy Runic Attack slot.
Click to select your Light Runic Attack slot.
Help us build the best PlayStation experience!\n
If you agree, we may collect certain data about your use of God of War. This includes data about your interaction with God of War and any errors that occur. This data will be used as explained in our privacy policy.\n
You can change your setting at any time.
Accept
Decline
Click to equip the Hel’s Touch Light Runic Attack Gem into the Leviathan Axe.
About Us\n
We are Sony Interactive Entertainment. Please see our privacy policy for further information on how we collect and process your Personal Information, and how to contact us at www.playstation.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Click to view available Resurrection Stones.
Resurrection Stones can be purchased so Atreus can revive Kratos from death. Click to enter the Buy section of the Shop.
Hover over the empty Socket.
Click to select from available Enchantments.
Click an Enchantment to equip it into this armor's Socket.
Press [PrimaryHudKey]
Welcome to a Dwarven Shop. From here, you can upgrade equipment you already own, or craft entirely new equipment.\n\nClick to go to the Upgrade menu.
Click to select the Leviathan Axe.
Click to go to the Craft menu where you can choose to craft new equipment.
Armor, along with other equipment, can be upgraded at Shops. Click to select the Upgrade menu.
You have some Lost Items! These are items that you left behind on the battlefield. Click to select the Lost Items menu.
Learn More
About Game Data
What do we use Game Data for?\n
Game Data is used as explained in our Privacy Policy (www.playstation.com/legal/privacy-policy).\n
This may include the use of Game Data to:
• Understand the usage and performance of the game you are playing, and to develop improvements to the game.
• Develop new products and services.
• Detect, investigate, and minimise malicious, unauthorised or fraudulent behaviour.
• Audit, compliance and legal purposes (for example, making or defending claims or activities that are required to comply with a law).
What do the Game Data settings control?\n
The Game Data settings allow you to control if Game Data is collected or stored from your device. You can change your settings at any time.
What is Game Data?\n
If you play one of our single player games, we may access data from and / or store data on the device that you are using.\n
This data may include information about how you interact with our games. For example it may include, when and how you use the game’s user interface, which parts of the game you visit, which weapons you use, which characters you interact with and any errors that you encounter.\n
Game Data is usually sent to us and stored with one or more unique network, device and/or account identifiers.
Allow Data Collection
Allow collection of certain data about your use of God of War
as explained in our Privacy Policy.
(www.playstation.com/legal/privacy-policy)
enter new control...
Aim Toggle
Tap Aim to toggle on and off.
Block Toggle
Hold block to toggle on and off.
Block Toggle Delay
Set delay before toggling block.
DLSS Sharpness
Set the amount of NVIDIA DLSS 2.3 sharpness.
Minimize in Background
While in full screen, the window will be minimized when not in the foreground.
Monitor Refresh Rate
While in full screen, sets the refresh rate of the monitor.
Field Of View
Expand field of view to see more of the game world.
Mouse Mode
Set classic or more precise mouse response.
Triple Buffering
Smooth out framerate at the cost of some latency.
Aim Toggle
Press [AimButton] to toggle aim on and off.
Block Toggle
Hold [BlockButton] to toggle block on and off.
Block Hold Delay
Set delay before toggling block.
RAM: %dMB
PAGEFILE: %dMB
FSR Sharpening
Set the amount of AMD FidelityFX Super Resolution 2.0 sharpening.
AMD FidelityFX Super Resolution 2.0
Set the AMD FidelityFX Super Resolution 2.0 quality.
AMD FSR 2.0
Set the AMD FidelityFX Super Resolution 2.0 quality.
(angry scream)
Get in the boat, boy.
Found some.
Boy.
That is enough.
That was the last.
Find your way home.
You are free.
Squeeze.
This knife...
It was hers.
Now it is yours.
She taught you to hunt?
Show me.
Now.
You are hunting deer.
In the direction of deer.
Lo, there do I see my Mother,
Lo, there do I see my Father,
Lo, there do they call to me.
Lo, there do they call to me.
Lo, there do they call to me.
Lo, there do they call to me.
Lo, there do they call to me.
She’s ready.
I’m sorry...
What she knew.
Now?
What’re we hunting?
Which way?
Okay...? Uhh… this way—
Boy.
You missed these.
Your mother taught you well.
Huh…
Close...
but also not deer.
See?
Tips are too wide.
Mountain goat?
Yeah...
There it is!
I’m sorry…
HOLD.
What are you doing?
Now its guard is up! Only fire…
Only fire
when I tell you to fire.
Do not be sorry.
Be better.
Find it.
Find.
It.
Look.
Can I have my bow back now?
We should get closer.
Can you hit it from here?
Wait for my mark...
Relax.
Do not think of it as an animal.
Good.
I got it.
Your knife...
No.
Finish what you started.
Atreus!
We have no choice.
I can’t…
I…
We’re going to fight that?!?
Boy!
BOY!
Look at me! Look at me, boy!
Boy --
look at me!
You are not ready.
We are going home.
You are NOT ready.
RAAAA!
That’s what you get!
Think I’m afraid of you?!
You’re nothing to me!
NOTHING!
We DID it.
What?
Are you serious?
I found the deer.
I proved myself.
How am I not ready?
I haven’t been sick in a long time. I can do this.
Inside, boy.
You lost control.
Anger can be a weapon
if you control it—
use it.
You clearly cannot.
When you lose…
Fine.
Come on then.
I want you to try.
Try again.
Too slow.
Try again.
Weak. Again.
Again.
AGAIN.
Your anger… you can get lost in it. The path ahead is difficult
and you, Atreus, are clearly not ready.
QUIET.
Boy. Beneath the floor. Now…
I do not know.
I do not know. Get IN.
What do you want?
Whatever it is you seek, I do not have it.
You should move on.
You do not want this fight.
Leave
my
home.
I warned you—
You would not listen.
That thing was trying to kill us. It’s not like you don’t get angry in a fight.
I haven’t been sick in a long time. I’m better now.
You want me to hit you?
OWWW! What are you—?
Why are you doing that?
Cut it out!
STOP IT!
(slight cough)
What was that?
What’s going on? Do you know him?
But… you told me never to go down there.
Who is that?
What's he talking about?
Come on out!
It's no use hiding anymore.
I know who you are…
more importantly, I know what you are!
Just tell me what I want to know! No need for this to get bloody.
Huh. I thought you'd be bigger.
But you’re definitely the one.
Long way from home, aren't you?
Oh, you already know the answer to that.
Hahaha. And here I thought your kind was supposed to be so enlightened.
So much better than us. So much smarter.
And yet you hide out here in the woods—like a coward.
Oh… I’m pretty sure I do.
You are going to have to kill me for that to happen.
Finally.
No... No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no.
Fine. My turn.
How incredibly disappointing. Come on, then.
Boy.
I am all right.
Come.
Gather your things.
We are leaving.
You are not. But we have no choice now.
Prove me wrong.
There was so much… I thought…
You’re all right.
Thought I wasn’t ready.
Yes, sir.
Look...
All this time...
there’s been a protection stave around our entire woods.
But...
the stave’s broken there.
Did you cut those down?
Why’d she do that?
She hand-marked the trees she wished used for her pyre…
Come.
No looking back now.
Still want me to tie it to the boat?
Father?
What?
Did something change?
The forest feels different now.
Everything is different, boy.
Try not to dwell on it.
Yes, sir.
Father…
why are we doing this now?
I need to know you can survive the journey.
Then we leave for the mountain?
Depends on you.
Hunt.
Father! Over here!
Thought we were going hunting?
What are you doing back there?
The hunting grounds are this way.
What did you find?
Tracks.
Not deer though.
I’ll keep looking.
More tracks?
Yeah.
But they’re too round.
Could be a wild boar.
Good.
It is simply a target. Clear your mind.
Pick your spot and focus on it.
Relax.
Relax…
Focus…
Feet solid.
Steady yourself.
Keep that elbow up.
Breathe.
I can do this.
I can do this.
(inhaled breath)
(inhaled breath)
(inhaled breath)
(inhaled breath)
(inhaled breath)
Sorry. I’ll get it this time.
I’ve got this.
Steady your aim and breathe in.
Good.
Now draw to your chin.
Your mark is there.
Draw.
Exhale and release.
Now.
Take your shot, boy.
Boy,
you missed these.
Huh.
Close,
but also not deer.
See?
Tips are too wide.
Mountain goat?
Your mother taught you well.
Yeah.
Are you coming?
Here. Just follow the stairs up.
Over here.
Oop. Now what?
This way, boy.
Didn’t think I’d make it.
Wait.
Deer tracks. They’re fresh.
This way.
Aaah!
Found it!
Slow down, boy!
Sorry…
You are hunting deer—not chasing it.
Yes, father.
He broke our bridge…
how are we gonna get across?
Step aside.
Wow.
Go.
Oh.
What happened here?
Ahh!
My bow!
No!
You are not ready—stay back!
Father! Above you!
Draugr?
They’ve never come this close to our woods before.
Keep moving.
Uh... deer’s this way. I can see more tracks.
...or we can follow you.
Mind the edge, boy.
That hanging bucket,
an offering cask?
Mother said Odin’s disciples fill them with gifts and hang them where thieves can’t reach them.
That one looked really old.
That hanging bucket.
Is that an offering cask?
Mother said Odin’s disciples fill them with gifts and hang them where thieves can’t reach them.
That one looked really old.
Foolish…
What is?
Worshipping the gods?
The gods care nothing for them.
Men should not pray to monsters.
They were just hungry.
What?
The wolves. They weren’t mean.
They were starving.
Yes.
I imagine they were.
Should we be in here?
We do what we please boy, no excuses.
Up there! He went in the old temple. But Mom told me never to go in there.
We do what we please, boy. No excuses.
Up there!
He went in the old temple. But Mom told me never to go in there.
You know… mother taught me some magic for my bow too.
I can help you fight.
I’m ready.
You have yet to prove that.
Over there… he went in the old temple, but you told me never to come here.
You are with me now.
No excuses.
I went hunting with mother a bunch of times.
You never wanted to take me.
Why now?
I went hunting with mother a bunch of times.
You never wanted to take me.
Why now?
It was her wish.
And…
it was time.
Okay.
Ugh… It stinks.
What was that?
What was that?
It does not matter.
Stay focused.
Is that a coffin?
Out here?
Whew. I half-expected there to be a troll under that bridge.
You are not ready for trolls, boy.
I know. I just—
Yes father.
Yes father.
Something’s gotta open that gate…
It’s opening.
Huh… won’t stay open. What now?
Is that big gear up there made of wood?
You froze it in place.
Clever.
Think you could’ve frozen Draugr with it?
You froze it in place.
Clever.
No. It does not work like that.
Sooo…
Nice.
Uh… you didn’t mean to do that, did you?
Where you going? I think he's this way.
Oh.
Father…
look.
It…
it’s still alive.
Okay—just tell me when to shoot!
He’s too strong!
Why won’t he fall?!?
WHOA!
My arrows aren’t hurting him!
I keep hitting him! Why isn’t he falling?
My arrows only make him angry!
Fall, dammit! FALL!
Get control of yourself boy!
Boy!
I’m FINE. Kill it!
I AM ready.
Do not speak again.
The path home is this way.
Duh.
Still can’t get the doors open, huh?
Quiet.
I told you something was different about the forest.
And I told you not to speak.
But why would a Fire Troll burn mother’s garden?
And since when are Draugr so close to the house?
And what was that frozen thing that attacked us?
But why would a Fire Troll burn mother’s garden? And since when are Draugr so close to the house?
I do not know.
Now be silent,
we are almost home.
But why would a Fire Troll burn mother’s garden? And since when are Draugr so close to the house?
And what was that frozen thing that attacked us?
It’s not fair.
He doesn’t know anything…
Why did I expect it to be any different now that she’s…?
(sighs)
How incredibly disappointing.
Come on, then.
Pointless.
Pointless.
You bore me.
You bore me.
You bore me.
You bore me. (laughter)
Are you even trying?
Are you even trying?
Come on, already.
Come on, already.
Come on, already,
ha!
So slow…
So slow…
So slow…
So slow…
So slow…
Is that it?
Is that…
Is that it?
Hahahaha.
Hahahaha.
Hahahaha.
Hahahaha.
Hahahaha.
Forget how to use a shield?
Forget how to use a shield,
hmmm?
Not very bright, are you?
Not very bright,
are you?
Weak!
Weak!
Ha hah,
weak!
Weak!
Tell me!
Tell me! Tell me!
Tell me!
I WILL break you!
I WILL
break you!
I WILL
break you!
I WILL break you!
I WILL break you!
I WILL break you!
Tell me what I want… Pain stops. Real simple.
Why are there two beds in there?
Why are there two beds in there?
LEAVE!
LEAVE!
MY!
MY!
HOME!
HOME!
LEAVE!
MY!
HOME!
Struck a nerve, did I?!
Who are you hiding?!
Slow and old. You should never have come to Midgard.
So…
care to try again?
So…
care to try again?
You talk too much.
You won’t talk?
Fine.
Maybe whoever it is you’ve got stashed in that house will.
Who is it?!
Who are you afraid I’ll find?!
Let’s find out!
Let’s find out.
Pointless!
Ah…
pointless!
Pointless!
Pointless!
You still bore me.
You still bore me.
You still bore me.
What are you hiding!?
What are you hiding!?
What are you hiding!?
What are you hiding!?
You are a fool.
You are a fool.
You are a fool.
I don’t have time for this.
I don’t have time for this.
I don’t have time for this.
You’re a vicious one, aren’t you?
You’re a vicious one, aren’t you?
Leaving so soon?
We’re not done yet.
When Odin sent me here, I just needed answers, but
YOU, you had to act all proud.
Throw whatever you have at me… I’ll keep coming.
That old body will give out. But before I end this,
I want you to know one thing…
I can’t feel
any of this.
I can’t feel
any of this.
You’ve seen it with your own eyes; you can’t hurt me. Nothing can.
This fight is pointless. Your struggle is pointless.
It didn’t have to be this way.
It didn’t have to be this way.
You won’t beat me.
Pathetic…
You have to realize by now you can’t win.
I feel nothing,
but you… you feel everything.
The more you fight,
the more I hurt you.
Yet you keep trying.
It’d be charming if it wasn’t so pathetic.
This again.
Pathetic.
You can’t win.
I feel nothing,
but you…
you feel everything. Yet you, you keep trying.
I’m not my brother.
And if you’d given me what I wanted, it wouldn’t have ended this way.
But no…
Let’s finish this.
Let’s finish this.
You can’t beat me!
You can’t beat me!
You can’t beat me!
You can’t beat me!
You can’t beat me!
COME ON!
COME ON!
COME ON!
I feel NOTHING!
I feel
NOTHING!
I feel NOTHING!
NOTHING!
WORTHLESS!
WORTHLESS!
WORTHLESS!
WORTHLESS!
PITIFUL!
PITIFUL!
PITIFUL!
I will end you!
I will end you!
I will end you!
I’d hoped that you,
of everyone I’d faced,
would finally make me feel something. But you can’t.
C’mon… DO IT!
Hhnn.
The mountain…
it’s gonna be a LONG trip.
Yes.
But an important one.
The mountain…
Mom sure picked a hard place to spread her ashes.
Gonna be a long trip.
Yes.
But it was important to her.
Who was he?
He knew me.
Did he know my past?
How did they find me...
after all this time?
Faye…
what do I do?
Our son is not ready…
to carry your ashes…
to the top of the mountain.
And neither am I.
I do not know… how to do this without you.
But we cannot stay here…
(soft
sobbing)
(soft sobbing)
(soft
sobbing)
(soft
sobbing)
(soft
sobbing)
Whoa... how did this happen?
Whoa… how!?
Who was he?
Who was he?
I do not know.
What did he want with us? We’re nobodies.
Did you kill him?
I did what had to be done.
You could have died.
Never leave me alone again. All right?
Never leave me alone again.
All right?
All right.
Can I carry her?
No.
Up.
You’ve had to kill people before, haven’t you?
You’re used to it.
We do what we must to survive.
Animals, I get.
They’re food.
Draugr…
they’re supposed to be dead.
But people…
they’re trying to survive too.
Close your heart to it.
On our journey, we will be attacked by all manner of creature.
Close your heart to their desperation.
Close your heart to their suffering.
Do not allow yourself to feel for them.
They will not feel for you.
I understand.
Has this been here all this time?
I do not know.
Father…
will we see others on the road?
Yes.
Friendly?
No.
They’ll try and rob us?
Possibly.
Yes.
Oh…
So…
how long will it take to get to the mountain?
I do not know.
Before winter falls?
Before winter falls?
I do not know…
Okay, okay…
Why don’t you help me up there? I can get a better look.
Hup!
Okay…
nowhere to go from here…
except across this bridge.
Think you can lower it from there?
Wait… is that some kind of a crank? Back there, to the right of where I came up...
Go.
Made it!
Hey!
Just keep the bridge down and I can make it across.
Wait… can’t you keep the bridge down somehow? How are you gonna get across?
Good idea…
Wait, how are you gonna get across now?
This way…
Thanks.
There’s the mountain! Let’s go!
It’s fine!
See?
Aaah!
Move.
Not yet!
Father, help!
Hurry! I’m slipping!
Aaah!
Huh… that wasn’t so bad.
Sorry…
Uh… more Draugr. But these aren’t moving. Are they dead? I mean… more dead?
Not dead! Not dead!
Hang on!
Stay calm.
Almost there…
SLOW DOWN.
Your haste will cost us.
Booooy…
Echh... What’s that smell?
Meat? Wait—us?
Behind me.
This fight is mine alone.
NOW!!
Are they Hel-Walkers?
Siegmund, your knives!
What if they change like the others?
They’re untouched! Look!
Someone start the fires!
So many days... without meat.
We’ll have to keep them alive. Strip off their meat... a little at a time.
Father! Help me!
Atreus!
Close your heart to it.
Come then.
We have a long journey ahead—
Wait here.
I will handle this.
Get up and move your ass!
I’ll kick you square in the ringer you don’t move!
C’moooooon!
Oh…
Whatcha waitin’ for? C'mon already! LET'S GO!
Grrrrrahhhh!
Can’t get this sloe-eyed cocklump to cross the bridge! Hrmph!
There’s what now?
It’s because she’s scared of something in the trees over there.
Father, throw your axe at those trees on the other side of the bridge—
the ones with the white trunks.
You were right...
You are right...I do not believe you.
Come, boy.
Very well.
I expect an improvement.
Say… you must be smart or somethin’, boy.
You are a boy, aren'tcha?
HAAA!
I dunno.
Rude bastard ain’t ever asked mine so I ain’t ever asked hers. HAAA!!
Brok.
Huh.
Say… you’re not gonna believe me but uh... that axe you got, uh?
It was me what made her—me and my brother.
Was one of our best.
So don’t let nobody else go work on her except for us two. AAACH!
You gotta handle her special or she'll wreck beyond fixin'.
I can enhance her for you right now if it so pleases you son of a bitch.
So what say you? HAA!
There’s a rune in the shape of a fork—under the grip.
Aw... digr bikkja! Dumbr bak-rauf!
That was our brand, my brother and me, before we split. I got half of it right here—see?
Look, you want I should upgrade her or not?
Oh, my dumb brother’s got it. But I got all the talent. Look!
She have a name?
What’s yours?
Vera logn...
So where’s the other half of the brand?
Wow...
Never been this close to the mountain before.
Looks so big.
I wish mom was here to see it.
Come Boy.
Boy…
These tracks…
Go.
Mm… a boar maybe? Not sure. But I’ll find it.
Shoot when you are ready.
Remember… draw to your chest. A wild boar’s hide is thick.
But… I hit it. Didn’t I?
I did what you said and it looked like it bounced off.
Could the boar be magical?
It looked weirder than any boar I’ve ever seen…
Hunh.
What do you think?
Get after it then.
I got it.
Elbow up.
Steady hand.
Relax…
accuracy over speed…
YES!
Do not lose it!
We didn’t know he belonged to anyone.
Target practice…
I’m so so sorry...
Will he die?
The boy was following my command.
He doesn’t. He’s my friend.
Then help fix this.
Hold here please.
HOLD, I said. He’s losing blood.
The last of his kind in all the realm and you shoot him.
You needed food?
Target practice...
Keep that pressure on.
The blame is mine. I should have kept a closer eye.
I will not let him.
You—the arrow cut a tideway inside him. Find both ends and hold them tightly.
Sunnan-
þoka.
I can’t finish the healing here.
My home is just beyond the trees there.
You’ll carry him?
He must not die.
Good. He seems stable and calm for now.
Greiða!
This way.
You’re a witch…
Hrmmmm…
Start with the left side. Grab it and hold.
Now the right side. Hold it tight.
Please—keep a steady grip.
Grab and hold the left end of the tideway.
You need to grab and hold both ends.
Father, please!
Good. Now pull them together—line them up.
Place him on the stave there.
Keep him still.
It’s better this way.
Hold him still-before he hurts himself.
Good.
Easy…
rest now…
I need two more things. Fresh red root grows just behind the house. Can you pull a cluster?
I…
I know you’re a god.
Not of this realm, but there’s no mistaking it.
He doesn’t know, does he? About your true nature—or his own?
The gods of these realms don’t take kindly to outsiders. Trust me, I know.
When they find you—and they will—they’ll make things difficult.
The boy will want answers.
Whatever you’re hiding, you cannot protect him forever.
But you’re right…
… doesn’t concern me.
I also need Lamb's Cress. Do you mind?
It’s a white-petaled flower in my garden. Just a handful.
You live alone?
Yeah, my father doesn’t like people either.
Well, you don’t.
Boy.
What else?
That is none of your concern.
That will be my problem.
Fine.
Lamb’s Cress…
Would this help?
When you were chasing the animal.
You did lose it.
I dropped it…?
What’s wrong with me?
If I… if I’d lost it…
I’ll take better care of it from now on.
Ah, exactly what I need.
Yes.
Wait…
Not without thanks.
You want solitude?
This mark will hide you from
those who might make your journey… difficult.
Leyna.
Leyna.
Heimili!
There’s a shortcut below the house that leads safely out of these woods.
Follow this path down,
then head towards daylight.
As much or as little as you like.
Now get out of here.
So he’s going to live?
Will we see you again?
Then we are leaving.
Come, boy.
They don’t see us.
Should I fire?
Wait for my mark.
Are we going to attack?
What are we waiting for?
Why aren’t we—
Be silent and do not question me.
How was that? Did I help?
If you want to help,
distract them.
Whoever is not my focus should be yours… but only when safe to do so.
I can do that.
Anything else?
Space your shots. Speed costs accuracy.
Got it.
Two more! Over there!
How was that?
Better.
But keep your distance.
Give me space.
And take my time.
Correct.
Look there…
(murmured reading)
There’s a Jötnar settlement ahead…
Jötnar?
Giants.
You can read the writing?
Some—
just the languages mother knew.
They’re all sort of connected, so I can kind of piece it together.
Some— just the languages mother knew.
But they’re all sort of connected so sometimes I can feel my way through stuff I shouldn’t know. Ya know?
Remember: Accuracy over speed!
That was the last one. Was I better?
Take even more time.
It does not matter if you fire only once.
Show me control.
Look at this…
Read it.
Oh.
This used to be a marketplace.
The Giants used to gather here to trade with the gods a long time ago.
Wonder if Odin was ever here…
There’s something up there!
Above us! Something’s breaking through the wall!
Look—above us! Something’s breaking through!
Something’s breaking through the wall! Up there!
Something’s breaking through the wall!
Draugr!
More draugr!
I guess we need to get back up there.
But how?
Follow me.
Look—there’s an opening up there.
Right up there… Look—an opening.
Help!
I can’t—I can’t hold on!
Uh… do you hear that? What is it?
We will see.
Stay close.
What is that?
Doesn’t sound like a good thing…
So we’re going towards the scary singing?
Bissam, bissam baad’ne,
Gryta hængø i jod’ne;
Koka full tå rjumegraut
Åt dæ vesle baad’ne.
Look out!
Revenant!!
It’s a Revenant!!
That was a real Revenant! Never thought I’d see one up close…
So that’s how you get down here!
So that’s how you get down here!
Wait… you don’t suppose Revenant travel in packs, do you?
And there’s a bunch of ’em waiting up there for us?
And they’re really mad?
Boy.
Sorry.
Imagination.
Earlier...
you said people might try and rob us. I’ll kill them if they try.
I’m not afraid.
If we encounter men, you will stay out of it,
understand?
But… I can fight now.
You will stay out of it, boy.
Speak no more of this.
I still don’t understand why that man attacked you at our house.
I told you, boy, I know nothing more of it.
Draugr burn.
These dead were cold.
I do not know…
Okay, okay…
What’s that over there?
You see that too?
Hey… I think there’s a chest over there.
Behind us… what’s that over there?
Father! Behind you!
I see stuff on the other side…
Gotta be a way to drop the bridge…
Wish we could break that chain.
Chains on both sides maybe?
Maybe each side has a chain?
Now back to the bridge outside.
Hey, maybe the way out’s through that draw bridge back there—
that was chained up?
That did it!
This should get us across…
Whoops.
So… that happened again.
Silence.
Something’s resetting the bridge…
Oh, I bet that weight is resetting it.
See there—under the bridge?
There’s gotta be some way to get rid of that weight…
You did it.
Let me focus.
All these dead…
you think it’s safe in there?
You think it safer out here?
Boy?
Help!
They came back.
Th-they came b-back…
They came back.
Th-
they came
back…
They will not come back again.
It is finished.
I want to leave here.
Then collect yourself.
We must find a way out.
There is always a way out…
That chain…
Here.
Go drop the chain.
Okay.
Find something to pull me up.
Okay.
Atreus…
the chain.
The chain,
right.
You are in your head, boy.
Let it go.
He would have killed you.
I know. I had to do it—
I do know that. It’s just…
Then we will go home, boy.
What?
To give up this easily,
so close to the start…
Wait, no,
I’m not giving up. I can do this.
I just have to…
you know…
catch my breath.
Come on up.
I’m ready.
Listen to me…
To be effective in combat, a warrior must not feel for his enemy.
The road ahead is long and unforgiving…
no place for a boy.
You must be a warrior.
I understand.
I’ll kick you square in the ringer, you don’t movie it!
Whatcha waitin’ for?
C’mon already! Let’s go!
C’moooooon!
Trust me just this once.
Please?
The tree with the white trunk and orange leaves—
right there on the other side of the bridge.
Why isn’t he throwing the axe?
He broken or somethin’?
Are you going to throw the axe?
Into the trees?
Well, don’t look now but our friend who was hiding in the trees is back for more!
Go on, give that axe a twirl!
Well, don’t look now but our friends who were hiding in the trees are back for more!
Go on, give that axe a twirl!
Got room for me behind there?
So long as you don’t break nothing.
Y’see?! See what my touch brung?
Adequate!
“Adequate” he says…! You know what’s adequate? That footwork. You step in shit?
Oh, you’re in trouble now!
Say, your pa can KILL.
You gonna learn to do that too?
I’m not sure…
This road…
it leads to the mountain?
Should put you in the right direction, sure.
Wanna see my wares again?
Aw… I didn’t even see this here.
Come.
It was nice meeting you, Brok. I’ll be thinking of a name for your beast.
How ’bout I name her “fucking gratitude”?
Hey! Fucking Gratitude—come over here!
I like it!
Hey, watch your ’hinds in there! That place can bust you up real good.
Uh…
You left me to fight alone.
I did.
People are one thing.
Everything else, you fight…
until I say stop or we are dead.
Understand?
Pull your weight or we go home.
I understand.
Good then.
Uh… that looks inviting.
This way.
Machinery…
Oooh…
Wait—what?
It’s sinking back down!
It’s coming back down again!
Little close there…
Wait there.
Now, boy!
Coming!
Look! They won’t jump across!
Ha-ha!
YES!
Wasn’t sure we were gonna get outta there…
Trust I will not let us die.
Oooo… creepy.
Oh. We’re back here.
This way.
I’m happy we met Brok… but… I’m happier we’re leaving this place…
It is behind us now.
Oh, wait…
we’re back here again.
If we wish to return here, we now know how.
Hey, look at that!
What is it…?
Boy…
Look, there are runes written along the side.
Do you want me to read these runes?
What does it say?
"As we are,
we two, we three /
As I alone can never be."
A riddle?
Hmmm… maybe there’s a clue around here.
Boy,
what do those runes say?
It says
“Family”…
what are we supposed to do with that?
Boy,
what do those runes say?
Ooooh…
it says
“Family”.
That’s not a clue.
It’s the answer!
What “I alone can never be” —
right?
What do the runes on the bowl say?
“As we are,
we two, we three /
As I alone can never be.”
What do those runes say?
A riddle?
Oh!
And “Family” must be the answer!
What “I alone can never be”—
right?
Use your knife, and trace the runes into the sand.
Really?
Kynslóð…
Use your knife, and trace the runes into the sand.
Really?
Kynslóð…
Something happened!
It worked!
Seems like maybe those rings should be turning.
The rings are turning! Come back down.
Oh, bet you could freeze those gears, if you wanted to.
Hm… still doesn’t look like anything.
So close!
May need to try that again.
Not sure that’s it.
Keep trying, we’ve almost got it.
I’m still not seeing it.
Hey! That looks right!
I think that part’s right!
Good!
Oh…
I think you broke it.
Oop—now it’s wrong again.
That’s it! I see runes!
Boy,
the stone.
Oh.
Wow…
Boy… I hear your animal ahead.
I knew it was a boar!
What’ll we do once we find it?
I drew to my chest like you said and it still didn’t pierce its hide.
You shot the animal’s flank.
Next time aim for the soft of its belly.
I understand.
Stay alert.
More of those people?
Something else.
Some of the bodies are those weird dead things.
There’s Draugr here too. They must have been fighting?
Ready?
AHH! Another one!
Look! It squeezed under that pillar!
Here.
It ran under.
Boy?!
He’s slowing down!
Where are you?
Boy!
Hurry, father!
Atreus!
I found him!
Wait, boy!
Boy?
Please hurry!
Where are you?
Father, over here!
Wait for me, boy!
Atreus?!
WHAT DID YOU DO?!?
I’m sorry!
ATREUS!!
That bow’s a little big for you, isn’t it?
My mother made it for me.
Said I’d grow into it.
I’ve never seen you in these woods.
She must miss you being away from home.
She…
she’s dead.
We’re taking her ashes to the highest peak in the realms.
Ashes?
It was her last wish.
Boy!
I’m…
sorry for your loss.
We’re here.
You live in a tree?
Not in it—
below it.
Heimili!
Look!
It’s alright.
Is he friendly?!
Boy…
I promise you, he’s safe.
He won’t hurt anyone…
Quickly.
The Lamb’s Cress…
Please.
Time is critical.
I beg you—without the Lamb’s Cress from the garden I won’t be able to save him.
Please hurry…!
Lamb’s Cress. Good.
Have you the Red Root as well?
The boy is searching.
Perhaps he could use help.
Please, the salve is nothing without both ingredients.
Hhhnnmm.
I like her. I mean, she lives under a turtle!
You are too open with her.
We do not know if she can be trusted.
She hasn’t tried to kill us.
Yet.
Can you help? I can’t quite… get it…
Red Root. Good.
Have you the Lamb’s Cress?
No.
He stopped to help me.
Please, the salve is nothing without both ingredients.
This underground passage should put you back on your path to the mountain.
Just use the boat.
Wait.
And take this…
You can use it to orient yourself and navigate the world.
It will always steer you towards your goals.
And if you care to cleanse this cavern of the Revenant who’ve overrun it,
you have my gratitude.
Ætt!
How is he?
He needs rest…
but I think he’s out of danger.
Does he have a name?
Hildisvíni.
He’s been a good friend for a long time.
I’ve never seen a boar like him.
You said he was the last in the realm?
The last in this realm.
He’s from somewhere else entirely.
Back home he could take any form he liked… but since he came here, he’s been…
stuck.
Stuck as a boar?
Stuck in his mind.
His own true nature grows faint in his memory, like a dream…
while the illusion feels more real every passing day.
Not sure I understand.
To live…
simply to live, in your physical form, day after day…
it’s hard to resist believing you are your form.
In youth, he might have had the strength to rebel… but Hildisvíni is very, very old.
Without me to remind him of home—
of himself—
I fear the Boar is all that will remain.
Well, I hope he finds his way home.
Thank you, child.
I do too.
I see a boat.
Can’t reach the boat from here. Maybe another way?
Do not touch the water.
Why?
Do you know what is under the surface?
No,
it’s pitch black.
Then do not touch the water.
Isn’t that heavy?
Yes.
Doesn’t seem heavy…
Here.
Hey,
I think I see another one of those bowls of sand up there—
that I drew the runes into?
Not sure how we reach it though.
Bet I could reach that with some help.
Okay, well, that’s way too far to jump.
Bring that block closer, and I’ll jump to it. Probably.
This’ll be fun.
Whoa!
Almost there!
I can’t jump over with those wooden boards in the way…
Hey,
I think I see another sand bowl up there—
that I drew the runes into?
Not sure how we reach it though.
It is! It’s another one of those sand bowls.
There are different runes written along the side of this one…
What does it say?
Another riddle.
“Feed me not,
we both are doomed /
Overfeed me,
all consumed.”
Hmmm…
The answer might be near,
like the other.
Wait,
I think I see runes up there,
but it’s too dark to see.
See that?
The answer’s gotta be written around here somewhere, right?
Wait,
I think I see something on the ceiling.
But it’s blocked by those wooden boards.
See there?
What do we have that glows?
Ha! I see it now!
It says “Fire.”
Of course…
Draw the runes in the sand.
Okay, wait.
Bál
Whoa! That did it..!
Stay there!
Come on over!
It is important for a warrior to keep his skills sharp.
Wait…
this is wrong.
Where’s the sand bowl?
The water dropped.
When the serpent rose. Right.
I knew that.
Um,
so I was wondering…
why do you live under a turtle?
He was my first friend here in Midgard.
He offered me shelter, and in return, I provide him with protection against the evils of the forest.
Golden boar, giant turtle…
you sure have some interesting friends!
See you later!
Be safe.
Can we get out of this place?
Can we get out of this place?
Whoa...
Sure is foggy here.
Another Dwarf,
should we—?
It was my mother’s.
She left it to father before she died.
But...
nobody asked you to...
I knew it! You are Brok’s brother!
The other half of the brand’s here...
So what were you working on?
And you know how to fix it?
Excuse me, but... how did you come by that axe?
And while I won’t dispute that... I know that blade.
It was one of ours. But we didn’t make it for you.
I can’t. See, the woman we made it for... I was, well... I am... quite fond of her.
And I would be somewhat ...displeased if it turns out that ...you did something to her.
Faye’s dead?
I’m... very, very sorry to hear that.
She was a fierce warrior... and a good woman.
Okay... I will make improvements to the axe.
True. But knowing your mother, she would have insisted I repair that act of vandalism
perpetrated against her axe by my brother.
Yes, though my talents are vastly superior. No boast—swear to Freya.
Yeeeah... but can you put it down over there? That handle is -
filthy…
Okay, then... I’ll just… I will just...
Ugh… is that dried blood?
Oh, that… I call it the “Sky Mover.” Just up that mountain waits a treasure trove of rare resources.
Once I mine it, I’ll need a way to bring it all down…
Not even a little.
No.
He is of no consequence.
That is my concern alone.
Step aside.
The blue one is your brother?
Do not undo his work. Improve upon it only.
No.
Let him GO!
RAHHHH!!!
Father…
AAAAARRGH!
Ready yourself.
Stay back, boy.
We must find another way up.
Why wait to warn us?
Mm.
Why help us?
Where must we go?
Rrrrn.
Ugh…. what IS that?
The Witch. Wish she was here. I bet she could get us past this.
What are you doing here?
It’s everything.
Even though we shot your friend?
My magic is useless against the Black Breath, and there’s no way around it.
Odin saw to that long ago.
Making sure you can finish your journey.
I was busy saving my friend, if you remember…
The Black Breath is a corruption of magic even I can’t dispel.
Only the pure Light of Alfheim is strong enough to break through it.
But that road is long.
What does this goal mean to you?
Follow me.
Maybe I see more of myself in you than I’m willing to admit. Maybe…
maybe by helping you, I’ll make up for a lifetime of mistakes.
Or maybe I just like you.
Even though you shot my friend, yes.
To a realm beyond your own…
Awww! I just cleaned that!
You think all Dwarves are as weird as Brok and Sindri?
No.
Wonder why they don’t get along anymore. I mean, they’re family…
That is their matter alone, boy.
Okay.
Please be careful! I’m still fixing that!
Stupid head sheave.
Tell me what’s wrong with you!
I can’t tell… Are we getting closer to the mountain?
We are.
The revenant again!
This place really is cursed.
There.
She really didn’t want anyone to open that, huh?
But why let a deadly curse stop you?
Above the entrance…
It’s a warning. You sure this is the way?
I am sure.
Do you think for this last leg up the mountain that
maybe I can carry her?
I told you, no.
Why?
She meant more to me than you anyway.
What?
I just meant…
I spent more time with her. You were off hunting a lot.
It would serve you to stop talking.
An Ogre?!
Here?
Who built this place?
Whoa…
I can see why mom wanted us to bring her here.
Indeed.
Wonder if Sindri knows his “Sky Mover” is tangled with roots up here?
I doubt it.
So how’s he going to get it to work?
I do not care.
Is that… smoke?
We’re going to another realm?! Are you coming with us?
Only for a little while.
Only for a little while.
We’ll use this.
Greiða!
Can’t. Sindri said it was broken.
Sindri?
The Dwarf at the foot of these hills.
He was fixing it when we got here.
No one was there when I passed by. Perhaps he finished?
Dwarves are awfully resourceful.
And irritating, based on the two we have met.
That too.
Just give that a turn.
There. See?
Týr’s Temple is at the center of the lake.
It is from there we travel to Alfheim.
Thankfully, it’s no longer under water.
Why is that creature in the bay?
No one knows.
He just appeared one day.
Soon after, Thor attacked and their battle could be felt across all the realms.
Ultimately, it ended in a stalemate
and Thor returned to Odin empty-handed.
The Serpent stayed and grew so large he now spans all of Midgard.
See! Told you…
They’ve hated each other ever since…
destined to kill each other come Ragnarök.
You believe in Ragnarök?
I dearly wish I didn’t, child.
You know…
we actually talked to the World Serpent.
You did?
An exaggeration.
I’m good with languages… even ones I’ve never heard before.
But when he talks, I can’t understand any of it!
Sadly, no one can.
He speaks a dead tongue.
Oh.
Must be lonely.
It reads:
“Sacrifice your arms to the center of the water;
awaken again the cradle of the world.”
What...
throw our weapons into the water?
Guess that won’t be a problem for you.
Are you gonna do it?
Okay!
It’s the World Serpent…
I am! This is great…!
Yeah! Mom said he’s friendly!
I don’t know!
That… that was amazing…
Mmm…
The axe did not return…
Hang on, boy!
What
is this?
Stay calm, boy!
It speaks?!
What is it saying?
Wait... there’s a shipwreck way over there. See that?
And there’s the statue of Thor. Except... I can see a lot more of him now.
Ooooh... that must be why that beach wasn’t there before. See?
And there’s the mountain! Lookit—that building leads from the foot of the mountain to that golden temple.
Except for the statue. Good thing, huh? There’s even a dock—there, next to the flag.
The water dropped—when the serpent rose.
It was all just under the surface.
Is this the way to the mountain?
Brok?
But how did you—
Okay…
What do you think he wants?
It would seem.
To test our patience.
If it isn’t the bearded beefer and his sac-seed! Have I got something for you two...
None of yer fuckin' business. Now get in here, I got something for ya! And don't go makin' pig eyes at my spot... I saw it first!
When word gets out about my new shop, folks’ll finally come outta hiding.
They’ll be clawing all over each other just to catch a whiff of my wares— you watch!
Now we’ll get to the mountain quick.
I just can’t believe I’m here, doing all this.
There was a time I thought I’d never leave our woods.
Or even my own bed sometimes.
You were not to blame for your sickness.
Oh, I know.
I guess I’m just saying…
this is great.
There’s the mountain! Look how close we are.
We flow into sea water.
How do you know?
Do you not smell it?
If that smell is the sea,
the sea stinks.
Look at that. It’s Thor…
… and a lot of water.
You have never seen so much.
Never.
Look at that. It’s Thor…
Thor…
God of Thunder…
That’s right! I never thought you listened when mother spoke of the gods.
I seldom did.
Did she speak of one who could feel no pain?
Oh—
that sounds like Baldur.
Baldur…
An Aesir god.
Son of Odin and Frigg.
And Odin is king…
That’s right. Why do you ask?
I think I see something…
just sitting there in the middle of the lake.
OH.
It’s some kind of statue.
I see runes there, on his chest.
Can’t quite make it out.
Maybe if we got closer to the statue?
We’re going to the dock first, right? We’ll be the first people to walk on it in who knows how long!
You know of that serpent?
He’s one of the Giants—
and he’s so big he’s wrapped around the whole world and bites his own tail.
An exaggeration.
I dunno…
looked pretty big to me.
Oh, good.
I was hoping we might explore a little.
When we wish to continue our journey,
we know to return here.
How long you think this has been here?
A very long time…
You rush around like that everywhere? Yeesh.
C’mere already! You’re gonna be real happy.
Wait—
aren’t we talking to Brok?
Yeah, I don’t see us wanting that.
Good! You want a job?
When you’re done gawkin’, I got a job for you.
Catch!
The pile of rocks there—
with that Key of Yggdrasil, you can open a magic door to the branches of the World Tree—
a shortcut ‘tween the realms.
If y’ever see ‘em out in the world, use it to get back to me quick.
But it’s only one-way—
straight back here and nowhere else.
And whatever you do, never, never, EVER, never, ever, throw yourself over the edge of the path... lest you want death.
You sure you don’t want to see what he’s got in there?
Following the Dwarf will not get us closer to the mountain.
That tower looks like it will.
I guess it is in the right direction…
Looks like the same person as the big statue.
Must be a god.
Or a king?
Soooo…
we can either keep heading towards the mountain
or break off and do that favor for Brok.
What do you wanna do?
What do you think?
Well,
the mountain will always be there.
And
I think mother would want me to see more of the world.
Or she would want us to fulfill our promise right away.
Mother?
Naaaah…
We’re back in the boat. So I guess we are helping Brok?
When the water dropped, new beaches were exposed.
We should search them for resources.
Oh.
That sounds good too!
What is this?
A horn.
Here is the end.
Can we blow into it?
Without knowing the outcome?
Well, we usually push every button and pull every lever we see!
Outcomes we can predict.
No,
this is something else.
We must develop your instincts.
I knew it!
We are blowing the horn…
No.
We are testing your resolve.
I have resolve.
A bunch of it.
I won’t blow into it if you don’t.
I don’t think we should disturb Jörmungandr without some reason…
There’s really no call for that at this point.
The snake’s already in position, brother—nothing more to negotiate.
He’s already agreed to let us look for my eye in his belly. Best get it over with.
I think we’re better off letting the snake rest, brother.
Yeah, you’re probably right.
Thank you!
With luck,
that tower leads through to the mountain.
I’m ready.
Just another boat.
Uh…
okay,
what is that?
Is that a wall?
Made out of…
what are those?
Scales.
Scales?
Why do they look like scales?
Don’t answer that.
The World Serpent’s even over here! I told you he’s big.
I wonder if the World Serpent even knows part of his body’s laying over here.
Ohhh…
What is that?
Smells awful…
Poison…
Revenant!!
Wait, where’d she go?
Stay alert.
She is close.
What were those things?
They smelled awful.
Your mother called them “scorn poles.”
Poison magic.
She was the one who showed me how to disable them.
(chuckles)
What?
It’s just funny to think of her teaching you something.
Yes.
Welcome to Alfheim, gentlemen.
Think you can… spot…
The light.
I can barely see it.
Something’s wrong.
See that column of light on the horizon?
It’s housed in the heart of a ringed temple.
We’ll find what we need there.
No, no, no, no, no. Dammit, not yet…
To restore the Bifröst’s magic, you must step into The Light. But be very careful not to get caught up in the—
What’s happening—?!
No!
She’s not dead, is she?
Hrrn.
Not likely.
Come.
AARGH! OWW!
Voices. You don’t hear that?
It’s going away now.
There was screaming.
Lots of voices... Angry.
You really didn’t hear that?
It felt... evil.
What is it, boy?
I hear nothing.
No.
No!
F-Father!
BOY!
RAAAAAA!
Run, boy!
Father!
Quiet!
I have him.
Your knife boy!
Another one!
The light…
Got it.
Stay back!
Shhh!
Yes—we are near our goal. But we must be careful. Understand?
Jump, boy!
Here they come!
Stay behind me and protect our flank!
Right!
Look out!
Yes, sir!
Boy!
Are you injured?
Stay here.
Stay.
Here.
Only use it as a last resort.
I am letting you hold my axe.
It is not a gift.
I’m fine.
Wow…
It’s beautiful…
The light… it’s making the whole temple reappear.
It’s the source of all of it.
Wait—it’s… it’s singing.
I hear…I hear her. I told you I heard her! Do you think she’s in there?
Aah! Aah…
That really hurt. Felt like my hand was on fire.
But I want to go—
You’re giving me your axe?
Still…
What is this—?
Faye?
Faye…
Wait!
Come back!!
NO!!!...NO!
What have you done?
Why did you do that?
Boy...
I was gone only...
moments…
I…
That’s impossible.
Yes.
I saved you! You were trapped in there. I waited and I waited but you wouldn’t come out… So I pulled you out!
NO. You’ve been gone a long, long time!
I didn’t know what to do. You left me here. AGAIN. Why don’t you care?
We should go before they come back.
I hope you got what you needed.
Boy…
your bow.
Hold it out.
No.
That can’t be.
That we made a “grave mistake.”
Did we help the wrong side?
Let me guess…
you’re gonna be smug and say you told me we shouldn’t get involved.
Can we go now?
What did it say?
I—
That is enough!
So…
Was she in the light?
You know.
Who.
No.
She was not there.
Not like you would even care if she was…
I’m sorry…
I didn’t realize...
Mind your tongue, boy!
Until our journey is over, one of us must remain focused.
Do not mistake my silence for lack of grief!
Mourn how you wish,
leave me to my own.
No...
Why would you?
You do not know my ways.
I know it has not been easy.
So…
Was she in the light?
Who.
You know.
No.
She was not there.
Look at this place…
Stay by me,
touch nothing.
She’s probably not coming back,
is she?
The Witch told us to head for that giant light shaft out there.
Okay—
what is that?
That stuff’s strong…
Is there something glowing inside that knot?
I think you killed it.
Another one… and look! A Light Elf on that ridge!
Whoa…
What’s that about?
Not our concern, boy. Focus.
What are they attacking us for? We didn’t do anything.
Hmph. More will come.
What’re you doing?
Oh—a coffin!
Did you say something?
No.
Oh. Okay.
Anyway… I can’t believe we’re here. This all feels like a dream.
Can you read this?
Hm… something about an “eternal war for the light.”
I don’t get it—if both sides need it, why not just share it?
Greed.
You will find it a common cause for war.
What does it say?
It’s about the “eternal war for the light.” Do you think it’ll stop now after what we did?
Unlikely.
You’re back!
I see you’ve been busy.
How observant.
I am known for my attention to detail.
No?!
Okay!…
Not like I’
m the best craftsman you’ll ever know or anything…
Ugh… Where’s this stuff even come from?
Uh… wait…
so…
You’re really close…
Yeah!
Another dead one.
At least we’re getting closer to the light.
Look— there’s a boat tangled up over there.
Wait… is that Sindri?
Boat’s free!
What’d you say?
I said nothing.
Really?
Okay…
Did your mother speak of this realm?
Not much.
Just that since the Elves were always fighting over the Light,
it kept them isolated.
Huh?
Again,
I said nothing.
Weird. Could have sworn you said some—
Look. Should we try talking to them?
No.
But maybe they need help.
They do not stop us, so they do not concern us.
But maybe—
They do not concern us.
Look at that… that must be the ringed temple.
Look, they have Sand Bowls in Alfheim too!
Should I read it?
What does it ask?
“Without me or within me death is sure /
Yet within you I am life most pure.”
But… I don’t see any runes around here.
We must find it.
Back to the boat.
What does it ask?
“Without me or within me death is sure /
Yet within you I am life most pure.”
Yep—it’s “water” all right.
I think you’re right.
The runes aren’t here.
Maybe we should head to the temple?
They keep murdering the Light Elves.
They keep murdering the Light Elves, what’s going on here?
It is war…
the end of one.
The robed ones lost.
Oh.
Be ready!
Be ready!
Father… I have a confession to make.
All those voices in my head… well,
this wasn’t the first time.
Back when we met Brok...
his animal warned me about something hiding in the trees.
That’s why she didn’t want to cross.
She told you?
Well… I could just feel what she was feeling…
what she was afraid of.
Mmm. It happens again, you tell me. Understand?
I promise.
Aaah!
Boy!
It was the voices again… but different voices. Less angry. They were asking for help.
We are here for the Light. I do not care who they are nor what they want.
You never care about anything…
You have something to say?
No…
The blue door—that’s gotta be the entrance. Let’s go!
Careful, boy.
What are they doing?
The bridge is gone. They covered the crystal with that stuff. Why?
To prevent reinforcements.
Maybe we can fix the bridge from down there?
What is their problem with us?
We do not belong here.
Okay, so that did something…
I think?
Wait. Combined together like that… they kind of look like a rune.
But it doesn’t make sense…
Come. Back to the sand bowl.
Come. Back to the boat.
Hmm. Don’t see anything else over here. Maybe we should check the sand bowl again?
Father? You ever know anyone else who heard voices?
I knew men at sea who went mad…
claiming voices called to them from the reefs.
How did you fix them?
We threw them overboard.
Father!
The pillars and ring form an elvish rune!
Do you know it?
It means “water.”
Right… “
life most pure.”
And you die without it.
Clever.
Do you know it?
I’m pretty sure it means “water.”
It’s gotta be tied to the sand bowl, right? 
Draw it.
Okay.
Lögr
What’s happening!?
Woahhh… look what we found!
Father…
Yes?
The voices I heard, I…
it was hard to make out… but way in the back
I’m pretty sure I heard… mother.
That is not possible.
But I know what I heard—
Atreus. Enough.
He looks different. Look at those horns.
Behind me, boy.
That can’t be good.
Stay away from those cages.
Wonder why they’re locked up.
Be ready.
What?
Hope that was worth it.
Look… another Nornir chest.
Let’s see… where are the seals?
Okay.
Tricky…
very tricky.
Think that side hallway will get us to the temple?
We will find out.
You were wrong back there.
Oh…?
I know mother’s voice better than anyone.
It was her.
She is gone, boy. Speak no more of this.
Fine.
Get off him!
We didn’t do anything!
Let go of me!
Father, NO!!!
Stay back!
Hold on, boy! Fight!
Father, hurry!
Get away from me!
What do you want with us?!?
Don’t come any closer!
Thanks.
Mm.
No way across here.
Too bad the Witch’s bowstring doesn’t work anymore.
Look—the blue temple door. We’re almost there.
But the bridge crystal’s still covered in that stuff…
Hey, you sure the Witch is okay?
I’d hate to think she died helping us.
She knew what she was doing.
Okay.
Ugh! More of it.
If we cut enough away, the bridge above us should re-appear.
Riiight.
Expect resistance.
Right.
You’re freezing it first! Smart!
Well, there it is…
Watch our backs, boy.
That did it! We brought the main bridge back!
We must find a way up.
Huh…
guess the light makes more than bridges. Maybe this will spit us out on top.
Look! The blue door! We made it.
You know… I will never get used to walking on solid light.
The door.
There is no seam.
What?
We have a problem.
These doors do not open.
Hello?
I don’t get it. Why even have a door then?
Hellooo?
Come. We will find another way in.
More of those bells.
A Nornir chest must be nearby.
The Dwarf again.
Sindri?
This way.
Hey… how did Sindri get ahead of us?
He and the blue one do seem to travel quickly.
Huh.
We’re inside.
This place is great.
OF course.
I bet it was beautiful here before the Dark Elves destroyed everything.
Wonder what those are attached to.
Almost!
Nice.
Whoa.
Now that’s impressive.
“From darkness…
keep safe the light.”
Didn’t do a very good job, did they?
There. The light.
They’ve covered it up with that stuff... why would they do that?
Look…
another Light Elf.
What’s he doing?
Oh no.
Why are they killing him? He didn’t do anything.
Do not assume.
You are seeing the end of a war, boy.
You do not know what led to this moment.
But he didn’t even defend himself.
That was his choice.
We make ours.
What now?
The light is near.
Look for a way inside.
Hey, some of the light is peeking out over here.
That did it! Look—more light bridges.
Follow me.
You’re restoring all the pathways…
Uh… I’m not too sure about this.
Yeah… that looks too hard. Maybe we can find the light somewhere else…
No. Give me a moment.
See.
It’s too hard.
We should go.
Not yet.
I don’t think you’re gonna get it. We should go.
I will get it.
Now can we go?
I require silence.
Aawww…
I mean—we’re in!
I don’t think we’re supposed to be in here.
Quiet.
Did you hear that?
Stay alert and by my side.
Hey… when we make it to the light,
how do you think we get it into the Bifröst?
The Witch said to step into it.
She did?
When she was ripped away from this realm.
Oh. How’d I miss that?
You were more concerned with her safety than our goal.
Is that—a bad thing?
If one prevents the other.
That was close.
Do not stray from me, boy.
You don’t gotta tell me.
Ecch. It’s so… sticky.
This structure… I see weaknesses.
There.
When it falls, be ready.
We will need to move quickly.
Okay.
There’s so many!
Keep shooting, boy! I will clear our path!
Okay!
Shorten the time between your volleys!
What happened to “accuracy over speed?!”
There are many targets—you will not miss!
They’re everywhere!!
A narrow path negates superior numbers.
Stay focused!
We’re almost there!
That’s the last one! Hurry!
Hurry!
Grrrrgh.
Did it work?
No.
You have to come back.
You left me here alone…
Atreus?
… alone with him.
He always leaves.
He’s never here.
He doesn’t want me and he never will.
I don’t know him and he doesn’t know me.
Doesn’t seem to want to.
I’m strong. I’m smart.
I’m not what he thinks I am.
I know better.
He doesn’t talk to me.
Doesn’t teach me.
It should have been him. Do you hear me? Him... not you.
Except…
I don’t mean that.
You know I love him.
I just wish he was better.
I know he can be.
So if he tries...
I’ll try.
But if he doesn’t...
… please come back.
I know you’re out there somewhere.
Look! There’s our exit, but there’s no light to make a bridge.
We’re trapped. And the Witch’s bowstring is useless.
On my mark,
loose your arrow into the stone.
It worked…
We can now make our way back.
Come.
My arrow can’t get through all that stuff covering it.
It’s still covered, so I don’t know what you think I can do here.
I’ll keep shooting, but it’s not going to work if you don’t clear that stuff of it.
Atreus…
Just saying…
Finally. I’ll light the crystal if you find me an angle.
Rrrn… let us make our way back up.
That stairway’s blocked.
There’s a Light Crystal ahead—
just laying there.
Maybe it’ll help us get out of this stupid place.
This is blocked too.
Where’re you taking that?
Here.
“May the Light expose and illuminate every dark and unknown corner.”
Whatever.
You gonna carry that everywhere?
I just might.
Oh look.
The blue door that’s not a door.
… and a sand bowl.
But how do you expect me to reach it?
Maybe instead of looting a sacred temple, we could just get out of here.
If I want your opinion, boy,
I will ask for it.
Climb up, have a look.
I can’t get to the bowl from here. It’s too far to jump.
Hold on.
Not like I have a choice…
Are you going to do something, or…?
You can reach the bowl now.
Uh huh…
Anytime you’re ready…
Go ahead.
“Greatest man nor tallest tree / Begins as any more than me.”
Stupid riddles…
Is this the answer?
“Seed.”
Yeah,
I guess so.
Do you have it?
Of course I have it…
What does this mean?
“Seed.”
Remember the shape.
Yeah, I know…
Go ahead.
“Greatest man nor tallest tree / Begins as any more than me.”
Yeah—
it’s “seed.”
Stupid riddles…
Write it.
Fræ…
So it’s a door after all.
Great. The one with the horns is back.
What does he want now?
I hate that guy.
He will be back.
Oh, no… the boat isn’t here—it’s still back at the other side of the lake!
Then we go back the way we came.
The lift.
We really gotta go back down here again?
Do you see any other way?
No…
Then?
There isn’t a way back up from here you know.
I know.
Great. Now I can barely see.
There is light.
Make do.
It would help me if you would hold the light up so I could see where I am shooting.
Use your ears.
Adapt.
I am.
How are we supposed to get across without a crystal?
We find a crystal.
Want to try using your eyes?
There’s a room just over there.
Boy…
Plan on carrying that crystal everywhere like the last one?
If need be.
Sure you can handle carrying that? Don’t want you to be lagging behind when we get attacked.
Remain alert and QUIET.
Boy. Shoot.
I know how it works.
Finally.
We can use the same sand bowl that brought us down the first time.
I want to get out of here.
Eyes up.
Can we go now?
Well?
Do you remember the answer?
Yeah yeah.
Lögr
“Boy… read this. Boy… what’s that say?”
Only time you want to talk to me is when you need something.
Do you want to tell me something?
I said, the only time you care to talk to me is when you need me to translate for you.
If mom was here—
If your mother was still alive, we would not be here at all.
Atreus—
Forget it.
Fine.
In the light…
I felt only moments pass.
If that is of some comfort to you.
That’s…
good to know.
Really.
So…
should we go back to Midgard?
Face the Black Breath?
Or do you think there’s more to see in this realm?
Aaand the voices are back—
at least they’re not yelling anymore.
They’re…
happy.
Thankful.
We did something good.
Hurm.
Wait… I don’t understand. It can’t be.
Mm?
I heard the voices again,
just for a bit. I
must have heard wrong.
What?
They said:
“You’ve made a grave mistake,”
and then something about
“the oppressors.”
We helped the right side.
Didn’t we?
We have what we came for and can now finish our journey.
That is enough.
I understand.
What now?
We have the Light.
To Midgard.
Oooooor…
we could explore some more.
I mean,
I think mom would have wanted me to see other realms, right?
Mm.
Yes!
Brok! We just came back from another realm and we met your brother. Wait—not in that order.
Did you let that seed-sop put hand to your blade?
You do know he lost his talent, right?
Just up and left him one day—
tried taking me down with him.
Did he botch up our girl?
Hm... well, even a blind pig farts up a truffle now and again.
But do you know what really counts?
Consistency. And I got that comin’ outta ALLA my parts.
It’s better.
Quite the opposite...
What did you do?
How does it work?
What now?
Yes.
You will need this—a Bifröst—to create travel between realms.
It can capture, hold, and transfer the Light of Alfheim.
Place the Bifröst there.
Give it a moment.
The temple needs time to wake up from its long slumber.
It is from this room—
and this room alone—
that you will be able to cross between realms.
What you see before you represents the temple in which we stand,
as well as the realm towers that encircle the Lake of Nine outside.
All the realms exist in the same physical space, reflections of each other.
These doors, the towers outside, and the nine realms are all intertwined
and co-existing on the branches of the World Tree—
separated only by the Bifröst light of Alfheim.
This place can focus and control that light.
Only an artistic representation of it. No, the Yggdrasil is much, much more than this.
The Tree of Life is bound to the fate of the world, just as we are bound to it.
The tree nourishes our soils. The dew from its leaves feeds our valleys and rivers.
The tree’s very existence supports all of creation along its boughs—
its life energy interwoven into the tapestry of life…
birth, growth, death, and rebirth…
every strand, transcending time, transcending space.
Everything comes back to the tree.
So… that’s how it works. But I’m guessing you were looking for a more practical answer.
Very well…
And is this the World Tree?
Watch your step.
Just along here.
You sure? We came through here before and there’s no way back across.
See?
Is that so?
Let me show you something.
Are you watching?
Ljósta!
What? It’s solid!
Elven architecture.
My bowstring was soaked in the Light of Alfheim.
It can now reawaken the magic of the Elves.
Wait… it won’t just disappear, will it?
Not as long as the light shines free.
This way.
I want one.
Rót!
Rót!
Rót!
Rót!
Those roots—
what kind of magic is that?
It’s Vanir.
From Vanaheim?
You know of it?
Just stories.
Mother didn’t say much about the Vanir gods,
just that they’re always at war with the Aesir.
Guess compared to Odin and Thor, they’re the good guys.
There are no “good” gods, boy.
Thought I taught you that.
When you’re ready—through these doors.
The tongue of Niflheim.
A foul place of ice and mists…
and Dwarven mischief.
Those runes are of Muspelheim,
the fire realm.
No place for children,
even brave ones.
I still can’t read these.
These are the ones I can’t read.
I told you,
we should come back with a cipher.
The boat? But the Witch is showing us to the temple, remember?
Týr’s Temple.
Built with help from the Giants,
Great Týr used it to travel the nine realms and keep the peace between them.
Doesn’t seem very peaceful. Everywhere we go, we’re attacked.
Especially by dead things.
The risen dead grow ever more numerous.
Once, the roads and trails would have been full of people.
Now, all have hid or fled,
save for the reavers
savage enough to survive in such a world.
The risen dead grow ever more numerous.
I fear for the future of this realm.
Once,
the roads and trails would have been full of people.
Now, all have hid or fled, save for reavers savage enough to survive in such a world.
And us!
Yes, and you.
Make a right at the bottom of these stairs.
Please, take those stairs down and turn right.
I’ll be waiting up here.
Hey,
another one of those light crystals.
Wait there while I reawaken the light.
Ljósta!
That did it.
What are we doing exactly?
Mending the disrepair.
Start by lifting that axle.
Good! Now push it back into place.
Now realign the wheel onto the track.
Perfect! Now push the bridge along the track.
Whuh—?
The whole entire bridge is turning!
How is the whole entire bridge turning?
Boy,
you’re really strong.
Just keep pushing until the bridge reaches its first position.
Tired yet?
NO.
He’s always been really strong!
I can see that!
You are tired though, right?
You’re just saying that?
I am fine.
Wow.
So about the dead…
we heard someone call them “Hel-Walkers”.
But what are they?
They are poor, restless souls, denied their judgement and their peace.
By what?
Could Vanir magic raise the dead?
It could, once,
but this is no spell.
This plague of dead is but a symptom of a world out of balance.
Something, or someone, has meddled with powerful forces.
That is all I know for sure.
Keep going!
Almost there!
Just a little more to go!
That’s perfect! Come back up! We’re ready now!
You’re not done yet!
You have to push the bridge all the way to the end for the mechanism to reset.
I think she said you have to push the bridge all the way to the end for the something to get reset.
That was impressive.
You didn’t hurt your back, did you?
I did not hurt my back.
Through these doors.
Wait.
So did the Giants or the Elves build Týr’s temple?
All the races helped with its construction.
It was the last great act of cooperation between the realms before the peace disappeared for good.
We’re leaving?
But the Witch is showing us something.
She will wait.
Wow, okay.
I was wondering if you’d ever come back.
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Your bowstring stopped glowing.
Its power is now depleted.
Only a few nocks of magic remained in the bowstring, and we used them.
Your bow please.
Once you claim the Light of Alfheim, infuse the bowstring with its power. Don’t forget!
You talk like you’re not coming with us.
I’ll try, but measures were taken to keep me trapped in Midgard.
Why?
The gods don’t care for me much.
Is this it?
It’s so dark.
This temple has been asleep,
underwater, for almost a hundred and fifty winters.
It needs only the light of the Bifröst to reawaken.
Those roots don’t look like your magic.
They aren’t.
These roots are part of the great World Tree, and make travel between the realms possible.
Approach the table.
We will return.
I’ll be waiting.
Over here.
I can teach you how to travel between realms, but not unless you’re over here.
Come.
The bridge you pushed outside is currently positioned to lead to the realm of Vanaheim.
Instead, turn the wheel to our actual destination—Alfheim.
You must select the destination realm… Alfheim.
Turn the wheel to Alfheim please.
Why isn’t he listening to me?
He gets like this sometimes.
Wait,
is this moving the big bridge outside?
Yes. The wheel turns the bridge, and the bridge aligns to the different realm towers on the lake outside.
Wait… there’s no tower on this one.
Correct. He’s turning the bridge so it aligns to the appropriate realm.
And that’s why realm travel to Jötunheim is impossible.
Without a tower for the bridge to lock into, the sequence can’t begin.
Every realm has a travel rune that unlocks the bridge to that realm.
I’m giving you the one for Alfheim.
Now you can lock in your destination
We’re ready. Remember to take the Bifröst—you don’t want to lose that.
Now the realm travel bridge will align, and the realm between realms will open.
So…
this isn’t Alfheim?
See that giant crystal?
Each realm has a corresponding one that focuses and amplifies the power of the Bifröst,
opening the bridge to that realm.
That’s why realm travel is only possible from this room.
What about that one realm tower missing from the lake?
The Jötunheim tower disappeared from all realms over a hundred winters ago,
when the Giants vanished from Midgard.
Where the tower went and how they moved it remain a mystery.
It didn’t work. We’re still here.
Follow me.
The Bifröst is dark.
This trip was its last use.
There’s no going back until it’s replenished with the Light of Alfheim.
So we are trapped.
Someone of your ability should have little trouble getting back to Midgard.
Someone of your ability should have little trouble getting back to Midgard.
And we’ll be able to make that Black Breath go away?
With the captured Light of Alfheim, yes.
With the captured Light of Alfheim, yes.
Those towers around the bay.
There’s one missing.
You are sharp-eyed.
The Jötunheim tower has been missing for one hundred and seventy winters.
Nobody knows where it went or why.
What now?
We have the Light.
To Midgard.
Oooooor… we could explore some more.
I mean,
I think mom would have wanted me to see other realms,
right?
Mm.
Yes!
Do you remember the way back to the Black Breath?
Of course.
We need to walk across the bridge to the Vanaheim tower.
Are we going to the Black Breath?
Or exploring?
Your choice.
She is cunning.
That would not have been her end.
Look. We rowed passed that statue of Thor earlier—when we left the Witch’s cave.
And what direction is that?
It’s mid-morning, the sun is over there, soooo…
That’s south… south-west?
Good.
I can read these now!
It says in Muspelheim,
the fire realm,
is the Gauntlet of Surtr.
Like…
a magic glove?
Or a series of dangers.
We should go see sometime.
Our young god knows no fear!
Our young god knows no fear!
I can read these now!
It says the Gauntlet of Surtr is in Muspelheim.
Is that what those challenges are called?
It may be.
Ah, that makes sense… who else would be training in a place like Muspelheim?
Have you been going to the fire realm?
Yeah. We didn’t get too far.
Well, you’re getting stronger all the time.
That’s true…
Did you see something out there? That tower…
I see no tower.
Maybe I’m seeing things…
Oh, look…
the Witch’s magic is still covering those scorn poles.
Saves us some time…
Oh,
but her light bridge is gone.
I’d make one myself,
but the crystal’s gone.
There’s the Bifröst crystal. Must have fallen out…
It’s crazy to think that all the realms exist in the same space, one on top of the other.
It’s like this room lets us travel without moving!
Sindri’s Skyway cart is still down there…
if you don’t feel like climbing.
No roots. Guess the Witch never came this way.
Even with the coffin empty, this place is still creepy.
Father? Do you…
do you think I could carry her now?
No.
But I—
I said no.
Okay.
So who do you think carved the face in the mountain?
You would know better than I.
Thanks.
Now watch your step.
Carelessness will only delay us.
Right.
Well there’s the Black Breath again.
What do we do now?
We see if the Witch was right.
It’s working! She was right!
Come.
Let us finish this.
The path ahead —
it’s blocked.
Then we climb.
You know… mother said the Giants used to visit the Midgard mountains before they disappeared.
Disappeared?
Yeah. I guess they just up and left one day. No one knows why.
Perhaps they returned to their home.
To Jötunheim?
Maybe.
I wonder if the face in the mountain was a tribute to some important Giant?
The mouth… we made it.
More Black Breath.
Where are we going?
The entrance was back there.
Are you in a hurry?
No!
But you normally are.
I’m happy to keep exploring.
You want to leave already?
We just got here.
Father—she is here!
It is so good to see you again!
I knew you weren’t dead.
Oh…Can you bring a head back to life?
They were a gift…
I understand! If I see them, I’ll destroy them!
Please?
It worked!
Freya? The goddess Freya?
But—
Hello…!
I’m… not sure I understand what…
Wait… Where did you get those?
The arrows… Give them to me. NOW.
These arrows are dangerous… they’re wicked. You find any more, you destroy them. Understand?
DO YOU UNDERSTAND? SAY IT!
It’s all I ask. Forgive me.
Please—take my arrows in their place. I have no need for them anymore.
Now… what’s this about a head?
Do you have any idea who this is? Did you kill him?
Me? Are you sure you heard him right?
Take him to the table.
Heimili. It’s been a long time since I’ve practiced the Old magic. Hold him there—let’s have a look.
Well, thankfully, his head hasn’t decayed much and his brain is still intact. Nice, clean cut.
Cutting off his head of all people… I sure hope you know what you’re doing.
Now hold his head under the water and don’t let go. I mean it.
That’s enough.
Let me see him.
Mimir… you there?
Good.
What I did, I did for them. As far as I’m concerned, death suits you better.
When word gets out that Mimir is free, the wrath of Odin won’t be far behind.
Leader of the Vanir once, yes… but no longer.
Are you really going to lecture me about that?
You’re welcome!
Do as she says, boy.
At his request.
He claimed you could revive him.
You are a god…..
You did not think it important to tell me?
We are leaving, boy. Now.
Yes…
Oh…
Hello, Freya. Been a long time!
You look well.
I’d bow if I could, your majesty. Forgive me—
had I known the “Witch in the Woods” was Freya herself, I never would have suggested this.
You didn’t know either?
Sorry.
I know she’s really powerful,
but you really think the Witch can bring a head back to life?
She seems competent in her craft.
And we have nothing to lose.
If she can’t bring it back to life, can we keep the head?
No.
But you may feed it to the fish.
Okay!
And now the door’s gone.
The Witch’s turtle must be standing up.
So how do we get back up there?
She must have some way of getting back to the surface when the turtle’s standing.
Keep looking.
Maybe there’s a way we couldn’t get through before, but now we can.
Wait—
I bet my new arrows could shatter something?
I bet this’ll lead out…
“Turn back, Aesir.” Guess the gods aren’t welcome here.
(gasps) There he is! I hope he remembers us.
“Of old was the age / When Ymir lived”.
“Death to the Raven God,
Lord of the Hanged”.
That’s talking about Odin.
He’s known by many names, not all of them nice.
“Seiðr níðings upon all who trespass”.
Níðings are ancient curses. Old magic. Best to avoid.
Another one of those sand bowls.
Want me to read this one?
What does it say?
“Falcon, Hawk, and Turtle-Dove /
Swim aloft in oceans above.”
Huh?
Those runes on the rock.
They don’t spell anything. It’s gibberish.
I’m sure we’ll find the answer around here somewhere…
Here, boy.
I know those runes. That’s “vindr”. Wind! Must be for that sand bowl down there.
Here, boy.
Oh! The rest of the runes were hidden over the hill.
That’s “vindr”. Wind!
Back to the sand bowl.
What does it say?
“Falcon, Hawk, and Turtle-Dove /
Swim aloft in oceans above.”
Ah—
“Wind”…
Vindr…
Draw it.
Sir.
Vindr…
Look what it did!
How’s it going, Chaurli?
Is your Witch friend here?
What is that name?
That’s what he told me it was—or what it sounded like in my head anyway. Chaurli!
Why did you do that?
We cannot trust her.
Because she’s a god?
Have I taught you nothing, boy?
But she’s helped us a lot.
She lied.
Some people value their privacy.
Best not to judge, brother.
When I require your counsel, Head,
I will ask.
Fair enough.
Get me to Týr’s temple, in the Lake of the Nine, and I’ll get you to Jötunheim as promised.
We know the temple.
What’s there?
Only the last living Giant in Midgard. Who better to tell us the way?
The World Serpent?
Wait—
do you know how to talk to him?
Indeed.
He speaks an obscure tongue, more ancient even than these mountains.
None are left in Midgard who speak it. Except, of course, for me.
You do?
It’s true. You wouldn’t know it to look at him, but Jörmungandr is a sparkling conversationalist.
Oh boy,
Dad really is talking.
And giving orders.
I’m Atreus.
He’s Kratos.
Right then—Jötunheim!
First, row us to Týr’s temple at the center of the bay, if you know where that is.
Yeah, we’ve been there a bunch.
Why there?
Well, if you want to reach the secret realm of the Giants, I suggest we ask a Giant.
The serpent?
Ah!
So you’ve seen him?
We met,
I guess…
but
we didn’t know the language.
Indeed.
He speaks an obscure tongue, more ancient even than these mountains.
None are left in Midgard who speak it.
Except, of course, for me.
You do?
It’s true.
You wouldn’t know it to look at him, but Jörmungandr is a sparkling conversationalist.
Okay! Then let’s go talk to a snake.
She won’t answer the door.
Did not leave her in the best of moods, did you?
Frankly, I’m surprised you’d want to come back here…
Oughtn’t we leave well enough alone, brother?
Yeah.
She already probably won’t ever talk to us again.
We go where we want, we do what we want, and now we’re gonna go see the Giants!
Aye!
Having learned that travel rune to Jötunheim,
we can now head back to the gateway on top of the peak,
and put that magic chisel to good use.
Nobody’s getting in our way this time! Come on!
I’m gonna tell Sindri I’m a god. I’d like to see the look on his face.
No.
I may have kept your secret too long…
but now you will keep OUR secret.
Huh.
So... why should we hide what we are?
Secrets are Odin’s way.
Shouldn’t we be open,
like Týr?
Týr kept secrets too. For good reasons.
To protect people.
It is wiser to be discreet.
That doesn’t mean you should lie to your friends, or your family…
I’m sure Sindri would understand and do the same, lad. Don’t fret.
Oh yeah,
I can translate this now…
“Niflheim,
land of fog and fortune”
Aye, and a bloody infinite number of traps…
Aye, and a bloody infinite number of traps…
Oh yeah, I can translate this now…
“Niflheim,
land of fog and fortune.”
Hey, nobody mentioned fortune—
we should go there sometime!
Do you remember the way back to the Witch from here?
That way!
Behind the big statue of Thor.
Correct.
Oh. Guess we’re not going back to the Witch just yet.
Boy, what is the path back to the Witch?
First we need to find a boat.
Weird.
I just saw a glint of light coming off the hammer…
That is not important now.
I know.
Just saying…
Brok!
Brok…!!
Brok!!!
Saw your brother again!
I guess…
WHAT? I’m on a fuckin’ break. You don’t hear me screechin’ at you whenever you’re twiddling your short and curlies.
Oh fer… Well, you already soiled my solitude, so ya may as well join me.
Good. That’s not what I was offerin’.
Congratulations.
And I’m sure you let him go and roger my axe good and plenty again. Let’s see the damage…
Little canker-throat wouldn’t know proper weight and balance if it were dangling off his chut.
He eating well enough?
Good.
All better.
Now what the fuck else you want, huh?
Leave him, boy.
We are not hungry.
Mimir, we’re in the lake.
Oh!
Let me see!
Perfect—dock us near the bridge!
This is nasty.
I can see the hole where food goes down…
Do you want to feed me something and see what happens?
Do not waste our food, boy.
Sir.
Spoil-sport.
Head, how do we speak to the serpent?
There’s a horn on a platform at the middle point of the bridge. Take me to it.
Finally! That horn!
Good. Now put my lips to the horn.
Listen closely now…
We need two things to get us into the land of the Giants.
First, we need to learn the travel rune that opens realm travel to Jötunheim.
Second, we need to carve that rune into the special gateway.
That one on the peak where we first met you?
Correct.
Except the Giants, in their infinite wisdom, saw to it that no ordinary chisel would do the job.
Only the tip of a magical chisel opens that gate.
Luckily, I know where it is
and it’s not far.
He looked kinda mad for a moment there.
Ah. That.
He thought I said you were friends of Odin.
You’ll forgive me—
I’ve never spoken the Ancient Tongue sober.
Ah. That.
He thought I said you were friends of Odin.
You’ll forgive me—
I’ve never spoken the Ancient Tongue sober.
Wait, look!
The water’s dropped even further!
You can see more of the realm towers and statues.
I even see new places to explore along the shore.
Where is this chisel?
Find me a boat and we’ll go from there.
So when we get to the boat,
we can either look for that special chisel now,
or go exploring for a little while.
I’m happy with whatever you wanna do...
So there are…
What’s hiding behind there?
No earthly key nor physical force can get past the magic of that lock. Don’t even look at it.
Never seen a lock like that before.
Reminds me of something I’d seen Týr sketch.
He liked to combine various symbols into runes all his own.
This one, I believe, means—
Peace. Unity.
Mercy…
other things too—
I see what he did. But how do we get inside?
We have other concerns.
This must be the door that was in Týr’s Triptych!
I think you’re right. But we still need the key.
Back to the Dwarf.
We’re not gettin’ in there without a key.
OPEN UP!!
I really want in.
Without a key? Wouldn’t bother.
Eats away at you, doesn’t it? Locked doors.
Týr’s rune.
This is it.
Which way to the chisel?
Keep rowing towards the statues of the oarsmen, then thread past between them.
Which way to the chisel?
Boat under the bridge, keep rowing towards the statues of the oarsmen, then thread past between them.
This chisel we seek—what is it?
Oh, and I guess we’re talking about the chisel now! Okay! I have just the story for you… [Clears
throat.]
This chisel we seek—
what is it?
I’m glad you asked actually.
I have just the story for you… (Clears throat)
This chisel we seek—
what is it?
I’m glad you asked actually. I have just the story for you… (clears throat)
There was a Giant once named Thamur—
a very giant Giant—
who, despite his mountainous size, was without question the greatest stonemason this world had ever seen.
Proud Thamur hoped to one day pass his vast knowledge on to his son,
but young Hrimthur had the heart of a warrior.
Perhaps the father had too much fear in him,
or the son too little…
either way, a quarrel of theirs spiraled out of control,
and the overworked stone mason—bonk!—struck his son.
Hrimthur ran off into the night.
And?!? What happened next?
Feeling shame and regret, Thamur chased after his son,
but in his emotional state, soon found himself wandering Midgard, lost and alone.
Sadly,
he caught the eye of the one person he didn’t want to meet alone at night,
so far from home…
Thor.
You’ll see.
Okay, I know I saw something.
I saw it too.
Freya did say the Jötunheim realm tower was missing from the lake.
But maybe only kinda?
Very strange indeed…
There it was again! It’s there and then it’s not. What does it mean?
This is where the tower to Jötunheim should be.
Feels…
strange, somehow.
No doubt some arcane magics were involved.
I would be not at all surprised to learn you were sensitive to that.
That is where the Jötunheim tower used to be.
The Witch said it has been gone for a hundred and fifty winters.
I wonder what kind of magic could make a whole tower disappear.
I can’t believe no one has found the Jötunheim tower after so many years.
Where would you hide something that big?
Was that…
the tower?
Or,
like a ghost of it, or something?
There it is again. I swear it looks like the Jötunheim tower… but… only for second.
There it is again.
What do you think it is?
Ah, good!
The special chisel is ahead, past this gate.
So, Mimir…
why did Freya spit in your face?
No,
speak of Baldur.
He claims nothing harms him.
Aye, Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
The boasting of a god.
Everyone has a weakness.
Not him, I’m afraid. Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
You just said that, Mimir.
Did I?
What is the source of this power?
Well, as I recall… it involved… eh…
a spell…?
Mimir?
Parts of m’brain must still be coming back to life.
Just need a moment to finish waking up.
Hope he’s not broken…
So to get to the mountain, we have to go through Vanaheim, right?
No, no, NO—that’s not Vanaheim, that’s the Vanaheim Tower,
and both sides of it are still in Midgard.
Oh yeah?
Then why is the bridge always pointing to Vanaheim when we come back to Midgard?
Look, would you rather it didn’t?
Does your life want for lack of time spent bridge-pushing? No?
All right then.
So let me get this straight—we’re not in Vanaheim right now
even though we’re walking through the Vanaheim Tower?
Correct. We’re still in Midgard.
This tower is just a mirror of an identical tower in Vanaheim that exists in this same spot.
Here in Midgard, it’s just symbolic.
We would need to use the Realm Travel Room to get to Vanaheim.
Confused.
Be grateful it works at all.
Why’s he doing that?
But…
doesn’t that hurt?
What is he doing?
Odin had that statue made in honor of Thor.
And seeing as the World Serpent absolutely abhors the fat dobber, he was probably sick of looking at it.
Well, he and Thor have a bit of an unpleasant history between them…
or they will, anyway.
So I guess waking up to see it was worse than the thought of lumps of solid stone passing through his gullet.
You want me to ask him?
All right, wish me luck!
Aaaaaaah-woooooo-(coughs)
Yooooooor-moooooooo hin meeee-meeeeeeeeer.
I’ve still got it, lads. He remembers me.
Lyoooooooooo—
Oh no! That’s not it! Uh…
Maaaaaw-lon-gooooo vih-nooooor kooooon tooooon kooooon.
Ahh… Oh, dear. Eh…
Ehhhhhh-kooooo… noooooh oh-thooooo voo-nooooor…
He knows the pain of your loss.
He will help you.
Efni… ooooo-fooooon-goooor.
Curious…
Ohhh… Nothing to be concerned about.
Making sure we’re heading in the right direction.
No.
Our only concern is Jötunheim.
What is it?
Atreus…
I know how to read, boy.
Just not this tongue.
Wait.
Not that.
Do you smell something?
Arrrgh!
ARRRGH!
RAAAAAAAA!!!
Atreus…
Come on. You already speak it. Learning to read won’t be that hard.
You’re halfway there already then. Okay… so the runes represent a lot of different things.
Some gods, some animals, and some are—
Oh, am I going too fast? Sorry I’ll—
Yeah, I do. Smells like—
rain?
No!
Þruma—!!
Shut up!
You don’t… know anything… about my mother.
STOP IT!
RAAAAAAAA—!!!
You ruined everything.
I earned that fucking hammer,
but now everyone’s gonna think I only got it ‘cause Magni’s gone.
I’ll be a joke.
But if I kill you—
—no one’s gonna laugh at me.
Wow, are you dumb.
That your father’s doing or did you get it from your mom? She stupid and ugly?
Oh that's true. But I’m gonna get to know you really well. You’re gonna be my new brother.
...right after I finish killing your father.
Whoops... I think I broke him.
Stay back!
No…
This isn’t over!
Brother… the boy.
You have to get him to Freya quickly! There’s no other way.
What now then?
Maybe Freya ought to have a look at the boy.
Unnecessary.
No, I feel better now.
I just needed to catch my breath.
Where do we go next?
Well, now that we’ve got the Giant’s chisel,
we need to learn the travel rune to Jötunheim
so we can carve it into that special gateway atop the peak,
and open realm travel to the land of the Giants.
You don’t know it?
Alas, no—
but the Serpent did mention that the Giants had entrusted that secret to Týr.
Isn’t Týr dead?
Long gone, it’s true.
But his hidden vault—where he kept his most prized possessions and secrets—still exists,
undisturbed and hidden underwater for a hundred and forty-odd winters.
His temple?
Aye, but his hidden vault is very much in reach.
The doors are beneath his temple,
submerged in the lake for generations until our snake-friend shifted his weight.
There we shall find the fabled “Black Rune of Jötunheim”…
Aye, but his hidden vault is very much in reach.
The doors are beneath his temple,
submerged in the lake for generations until our snake-friend shifted his weight.
There we shall find the fabled “Black Rune of Jötunheim”…
We could also explore some more.
We got that chisel now,
and that vault isn't going anywhere.
Seems a shame to waste a boat...
We shall see, boy.
Oooh… Týr’s vault is behind that magical lock!
Oooh…
I bet Týr’s vault is behind that magical lock we saw earlier!
That’s right, lad. It’s on the other side of the bridge.
Head across, then take the stairs all the way down.
Head—the entrance to the hidden vault.
It’s on the other side of the bridge. Head across, then take the stairs all the way down.
The entrance to Týr’s vault is at the bottom of these stairs—
whenever you decide it’s time to go after the Black Rune, yeah?
Týr’s vault is at the bottom of those stairs—just take them all the way to the bottom.
Brother—the chisel…
Wow.
I can’t believe we’re setting foot in Týr’s vault!
Another shrine to a Giant—but it’s got a panel missing!
It’s Týr! But…
the middle panel is missing.
Wait, I thought Týr was a god, not a Giant.
Aye. But he was loved by everyone, including the Giants.
Other than me, he was the only one they gifted with their special sight.
Hey… I wonder if the Giants left a triptych about me somewhere too?
Go ahead.
Actually… come look.
Let me show you how to read this.
That is not necess—
You’ve taught me so much.
Let me teach you something.
What if you need to use one and I’m not there? This’ll be fun!
Grandfather has much to discuss with your boy.
It won’t be pleasant.
Don’t worry. I’ll keep an eye on him.
Stay down! It’s over.
Just die already!
Impossible!
Don’t come any closer!
Fall, damn you!
Why won’t you die!?
I thought so.
And then there was one…
The halls of Asgard will sing with my name!
I’ve avenged you, brother!
Atreus…
You have to get him to Freya, quickly. There’s no other way.
Take the boat. Freya’s isn’t far.
I need to help my son.
I need to help Atreus.
I must go to Freya.
Odin’s eye is on you, brother. Especially now that you’ve taken to killing his kin.
Freya’s forest is a blind spot for him. This is our smartest move.
And if anyone can heal him,
it’s her.
What is happening to him?
I’ve seen it in mortals, that some conflict of the mind expresses itself as an ailment of the body.
Never in a God,
but… a God believing himself mortal?
I can only imagine…
We’re almost there.
Boy.
Here.
On the day you were born,
I made two knives,
mixing metals from my home and from this land.
One for myself,
and when you were ready,
one for you.
Today is that day.
No.
We are not men.
We are more than that.
The responsibility is far greater.
And you must be better than me. Understand?
Say it.
The power of this weapon, any weapon, comes from here…
… but only when tempered by this.
By the discipline, the self-control, of the one who wields it.
That is where the true strength of a warrior lies.
You must never forget that.
Good then. Come.
Blank.
The rune! Did you see it?!
Are you certain?
Good then. Aim for the face!
So I’m a man now,
like you.
I will be better.
Dreifa.
Wait…
Yes!
I got it. Trust me.
Wow.
Look at that!
What’d you find—?
Okay…
Enough distraction.
Do not forget why we are here.
Sit.
Lemnian wine.
From the island of Lemnos,
near the place of my birth.
To a journey’s end.
Possibly.
Aaaah…
Yes.
Ready?
Come.
Jörð…
We’re so close to the end…
“Lemnos”…
Really?
Smells like rotten eggs. Is it still good?
Aaaah…
Father? Why did you leave your home and come here?
Does it have to do with the other gods there?
It’s just… you hate the gods so much.
But Týr proves that gods can be good. And you’re good.
You only killed those deserving, right?
Quiet, Head. We are. We know better.
Ready.
I think I’m going to like being a god…
Ah,
but who’s worthy enough to judge?
Huh.
Sounding more like your da’ by the moment.
Wow.
I can’t believe we’re setting foot in Týr’s vault!
It’s Týr!
But…
the middle panel is missing.
Wait, I thought Týr was a god, not a Giant.
Aye.
But he was loved by everyone, including the Giants.
Other than me, he was the only one they gifted with their special sight.
Hey… I wonder if the Giants left a triptych about me somewhere too?
Go,
read from the sand bowl.
“Death itself I swallow...
To spring forth life tomorrow.“
Oh…
I like that one.
I wonder if I wrote it…
Is that the answer there?
It says “Earth.”
It says “Earth.”
It says “Earth.”
Proceed.
Jörð…
I wish I’d known I was a god in Alfheim… I wouldn’t have felt so bad about killing so many Elves.
Well, I’m not sure that’s the lesson…
You’ve done nothing to regret.
The Elves forced their affairs upon us.
No, I get it now.
We had god things to do,
and they were in the way,
dragging us into their little problems.
Again, are we just leaving that there…?
I mean,
just knowing we’re gods makes me feel so much…
stronger.
Eh…
laddy, up on the wall there
Maybe you feel a little too good right now.
With power comes a big choice, lad.
You can either serve yourself or put your godhood in the service of others. Like Týr did.
People really loved him, huh?
Aye. A god of war...
but one who fought for peace.
Had a reputation for being heroic and lawful,
using his power and knowledge to stop wars, rather than start them.
So there are good gods…
Once in a moon, it’s been known to happen, yes.
This one mentions places I’ve never even heard of. Seems Týr really liked to travel.
Týr believed the mind, not might was key to preventing war and chaos.
And he also knew visiting other cultures would give him perspective staying in one place could not.
While Odin always hoarded knowledge, guarding it jealously,
Týr was open and sharing with his learning and his wisdom.
For this, mortals adored Týr—
showing their love by bringing him gifts the world over.
So what ever happened to Týr?
Odin came to regard him as a threat to his rule…
he suspected Týr of collaborating to aid the Giants instead of helping to steal their secrets for the Aesir.
Same thing he accused me of, frankly --
though in Týr’s case, I believe he was right.
You think Týr was helping the Giants?
So, what happened to this temple?
I do.
He felt responsible for the suffering visited upon them by Odin.
I suspect he had something to do with helping them cover their tracks.
The missing Jötunheim tower!
Correct.
Whatever happened to it, I believe it could only have been done
with Týr and the Giants working together.
Where is this Black Rune, Head?
Don’t know. I’ve never been in here.
The stone! That has to be it!
Naturally.
Didn’t think it would be that easy?
No.
No.
Was kind of hoping though…
So what now?
That’s gonna come to life and try to kill us at some point, huh?
Most likely.
Our boy is catching on, isn’t he?
Brother, up there—the Winds of Hel.
The winds of what?
Oh… we forget to mention that?
When you were sick, we went to Helheim to get your cure.
You did?
Terrible experience, by the by.
Your da’ picked up a new trick though… with a little help from Brok.
Brok was there too!?!
I… but…
We’ll get back to this later.
Brother… a trap for the Winds of Hel.
But where do you think the Winds are?
Move it or you may lose it, brother.
Well that’s unfriendly.
How’d you know that was there?
Experience.
Look. Small passages on either side. Perfect for the boy.
It’s too small for father though.
Go.
I will be fine.
But—
Go.
Careful, brother. Freya’s not here to bring you back if you’re cut in two.
Quiet, Head.
You made it!
That’s from a great desert land very far from here.
Do gods live there?
Oh my, yes… many, many gods.
Good or bad?
Not as simple as that, I’m afraid…
Not as simple as that, I’m afraid…
Ah…
a sgian-dubh from my homeland.
Used to have one of my own back in the day.
You should take it, boy!
Yes, boy… take it.
We might need to butter bread somewhere on our travels.
This is why no one likes you.
This is why no one likes you.
What did you see in the vault that set you off?
It is not important.
Seemed important to you.
It was a rash impulse.
You need not dwell on my failings.
Wow.
That was almost an apology.
Well, I guess you do like to smash pottery.
Ha!
Stands to reason the second ring should behave like the first. Just need to capture the Winds…
Look, I just want the truth from now on, okay? I don’t care if it hurts me or not. I want to learn.
Just ‘cause you hate being a god doesn’t mean I have to.
More small passages.
I know…
“go.”
I can’t watch, brother. Good luck!
And I thought the saws were scary.
Look! It’s the Wolf-Giants, Sköll and Hati!
That’s right, “the bringers of day and night.”
Ragnarök begins when they catch the sun and moon,
right?
Did Týr know them?
I don’t know. Liked them well enough to cover a massive wall in his vault with them though.
I don’t see another trap for the…
uh...
“Winds of Hel?”
Maybe we can get up to one of those balconies for a better look?
Don’t you enjoy it at all? Being a god?
Out on an adventure in some amazing place?
Maybe mother wanted us to have a little fun.
Everything we’ve seen and done… maybe it was her gift.
Look! There’s the wind trap!
I think we can get down here.
Aye, but
the winds of Hel will not endure long enough to cover that distance.
Ahh—
clever.
You know…
for someone so loved, Týr sure was paranoid.
Aye...Thanks to Odin—with good reason.
The runestone—it’s lowering!
ARRRGH!
What’s going on?!?
Trap…
Father!
Boy!
Get out of here!
I’m fine! How do we get you out?
Pull chains… on the wall.
But… there are three of them! What do I do?!?!
Atreus… focus. You can do this.
Please hurry! I don’t know yet if I can drown.
Okay… think. Hati’s the silver one. He hunts the moon. Sköll’s gold and he chases the sun.
For Ragnarök to happen, they have to eat them. But these are out of order.
Good boy.
So the moon goes on the left… sun on the right, with Midgard in the middle. But which bar do I pull?
Gotta get them in order: Moon, left… sun, right… with Midgard in the middle.
Moon on the left, sun on the right, Midgard in the middle.
Gotta get them in order: Moon, left… sun, right… with Midgard in the middle.
Moon, Midgard, Sun. Moon, Midgard, Sun.
Think!
Moon, Midgard, Sun.
Moon, Midgard, Sun. Think!
Moon on the left, sun on the right, Midgard in the middle.
The left!
Left, boy!
The left!
Left!
Left!
Left!
Middle bar!
Middle bar!
The middle!
Middle bar!
Middle, quickly!
The middle!
The middle!
Middle, quickly!
Middle, quickly!
Pull the right!
The right, boy!
Pull the right!
The right, boy!
The right, boy!
Right!
Right!
Water’s at your knees, brother!
It’s at your arse!
It’s up to my—
The water! Gotta hurry!
FATHER! NO!!!
We did it!
We’re not stopping! Wait… what’s that big chain fo—
Father! Above you!
Boy! You have to stop that chain!
HOW!?!
I…
I do not know!
Uhhh…come on…come on, there’s got to be something I can…
Wait! I know what to do!
Her knife?
There’s no other way!
It’s not working! That should have worked!
Well, I can’t drown. Guess that’s something.
Her knife…
I know…
but it saved you.
That was cunning, boy.
The rune’s free! I think we did it.
Aye—let’s go see what Týr’s got for us.
Oh, no… Freya’s protection rune— it rubbed off! What should we do?
Oh, no... Freya’s protection rune— it washed off! What should we do?
Oh, no... Freya’s protection rune— it washed off! What should we do?
We keep going.
Boy…
Metals from your home, you said…
Huh!
Jörð…
We can’t leave here without the black rune.
C’mon, we can do this.
What of these?
“Thought is faster than wind.”
Something to be solved with our heads rather than our feet.
Suits me fine!
Solving problems with our heads rather than our feet.
Suits me fine!
Hm… perhaps this isn’t about speed at all. Is there someplace else the winds can go?
Ah. A timely hint for something we figured out ourselves!
Whew!
He was big.
But no match for us gods…
I have beaten bigger.
Heh…
“Puny troll!”…
Yeeeah…
I’m turned around, which way is the sandbowl back up?
Freya!
Open the door!
We need your help!
Woman, do you hear me?
It is urgent!
The boy has fallen ill!
Freya!
He is ill.
I did this to him…?
Will you help me?
Hel…
Not this one…
I am still a god! Go away.
Inside.
This is no ordinary illness.
The boy’s true nature, your true nature, fights within him.
Of course…
There is a rare ingredient found only in Helheim.
The keeper that protects the Bridge of The Damned… I need its heart.
The Realm of the Dead. Do you know it?
It is a land of unyielding cold.
Fires cannot burn there, and no magic in all the nine realms can create a blaze.
As for the dead… your frost axe will be useless.
You’ll need to find something else.
(sickly moan)
Then I must return home…
...dig up a past I swore
would stay buried.
Boy…
Freya…
When last we spoke… I was…
Who you were before doesn’t matter.
This boy is not your past, he is your son…
and he needs his father.
This rune opens the bridge to Helheim.
When you are there, do not under any circumstances cross the Bridge of The Damned.
There is no road back. Understand?
Heimili!
You must hurry.
Through my garden there’s a path leading to my boat. Take it.
Return home. Dig up your past. Do whatever you need to do.
Just bring me back the bridge keeper’s heart,
and your son may survive.
Now…
No. You are right to distrust the word of a god.
No need to explain. Not to me. Not for that.
I will keep him safe. That’s a mother’s promise.
(groan)
Athena…
Get out of my head.
Somebody just called the serpent.
Use the garden door—my boat is down the path.
Go…
time is not our friend.
The fever burns hotter.
He is shaking.
It’s serious. We must hurry.
Atreus…
Helheim, of all places…
You alright, brother?
I will do what I must.
Leave me be.
As you wish.
Oughtn’t we get to the boat, brother?
There’s nowhere you can hide, Spartan.
Put as much distance between you and the truth as you want,
it changes nothing.
Pretend to be everything you are not…
teacher…
husband…
father…
… but there is one unavoidable truth you will never escape:
You cannot change.
You will always be
a monster.
I know.
But I am your monster no longer.
Alright, brother… let’s see what those blades can do.
My, yes… those blades will serve quite well in Helheim. And might do more besides—
try using them to ignite that icy bramble there, covering the travel stones.
My, yes… those blades will serve quite well in Helheim.
Now, I believe I see a door to the Realm Between Realms over there—in your own front yard no less!
Take the shortcut back to the realm travel temple, then on to Helheim, yeah?
Brother—that icy bramble, covering the travel stones. Use your blades to clear it away.
That icy bramble outside, brother—covering the travel stones. Get back out there and use your
blades to clear it away.
Brother… there’s no path to the temple in here.
The door to the Realm Between Realms is outside.
Those blades must indeed be hot to burn Hel’s Bramble.
Now take the shortcut back to the realm travel temple, then on to Helheim, yeah?
I’ll be keeping my eye on you…
Now that Freya’s given you the travel rune to Helheim,
it should be unlocked on the table.
Helheim.
And it’s done.
We really are doing this.
I’ll be watching yer back!
Promise… I’ll be watching yer back!
Let me take this moment to tell you that what you are about to do is absolutely insane.
Not even Odin can survive this cold,
so I hope those blades work.
What—?
Hey! You reek of foreign magick.
Sweet Nanna’s nethers,
what are those…?
I have never seen the like…
That’s gotta be a family heirloom…
Son,
my brother and me created Mjölnir for the big idiot…
I know from quality.
And them…
them’s special.
Say, where’s the little turd?
No…
What happened?
Aesir?
We all gotta take responsibility sometime, huh?
Say, what can I do to help him? I can do things. You want I should tag along?
All right.
So where you off to in such a hurry?
Helheim?!? Shit… this is serious.
NO.
Nor will it ever be.
He has fallen ill.
No.
The fault is mine…
and my responsibility to make it right.
No,
Your work here…
is enough.
The realm of the dead.
You made it! Better get home to your boy already!
We shouldn’t delay, brother—it’s straight back to Midgard with that heart.
Your father was Zeus.
I finally understand.
I’m dangling from the hip of the bloody Ghost of Sparta.
Do NOT call me that.
Don’t mistake me, brother. From what I heard, the pantheon had it coming.
But it’s still a bit to take in.
I knew you hate gods, but you really can’t stay away from them, can you?
You must say nothing to the boy.
He must never know.
Bollocks, brother, respectfully, bollocks.
He has to know. He’ll never be whole without the truth.
Look, I get it. You hate the gods. All gods.
It’s no accident that includes yourself.
And it includes your boy,
don’t you see that?
He feels that!
He can’t help what he is.
He can’t begin to help it, because you haven’t even told him.
It’s all connected, man!
You… will tell him nothing.
Very well.
Hey, so you know that shortcut between realms? Well, I made it better!
Or I might have brokes it.
We use that…
I know you do!
So I took a few gusts from them Winds of Hel and made it so it ain’t just one-way.
Now you can use it to travel to and from.
If I didn’t breaks it.
Then we can take it to Freya.
There’s an idea, brother!
What’s the matter? Try out that shortcut ’tween realms!
We shouldn’t delay. The shortcut between realms, brother—use it.
This isn’t right, brother. We need the shortcut between realms—the one next to the Dwarf’s shop.
Back to Freya’s. Quick as can be.
Might be some kinks to sort out, but you’ll make it.
Just go, brother.
I have the heart.
I need nothing more?
Zeus?
My father...
What is that place?
You’re set.
But better not to linger here though, eh?
Zeus?!?
Your father was Zeus?!? Well that explains a lot.
Never go there. Understand?
Kratos.
Pssst.
Sshhh!
I ain’t supposed to be here.
S’cold!
Real quick, gimme your blades.
I said I’d help you and I aim to.
C’mon!
My equipment’s in Midgard.
Be right back.
There!
Now they’re ready for the Winds of Hel.
Just target this magical glowy bit here with your blades and throw.
Aah!
You...
you don’t suppose he nicked those, do you?
Why?
Is this the bridge Freya spoke of?
No, we’re still on the realm travel bridge. We’re after the Bridge of the Damned. The dead use it
to cross into their permanent home, the city of Helheim.
The bridge keeper who minds admission—he’s the one we want.
Just follow this bridge… should lead us straight to him.
You know… I’d really hoped never to see this place again.
These dead…
what awaits them in this Hel?
If they pass muster with the bridge keeper, they can cross the Bridge of the Damned into Helheim
Proper.
There, the dead are appraised, sorted, processed, and otherwise put to rest.
But judging by the amount of dead I see walking in the wrong direction,
the gates of Hel may indeed be closed.
We’ll soon find out.
Oh, this is all wrong.
Only the newly-dead should be here. There’s too many.
The gate must be closed… and if the gate’s closed, then it’s true—Hel’s full up.
Without the Valkyrie to sort and cull them, Hel is overwhelmed.
Locked. Now what?
If this is the home of the dead, what is Valhalla?
Ah…
only those who die in glorious combat see Valhalla.
The rest…
the old,
the diseased, the criminals…
Valhalla’s rejects?
They come here.
So tell me,
brother—where you from then?
Hellas—no?
Athens?
Sparta?
Still not ready to talk then?
When we killed the reavers near my home…
they came here?
How did they return so quickly?
Time doesn’t move the same between all realms, especially where the spirit world is concerned.
Like the light of Alfheim…
Like the light of Alfheim…
The opposite, in fact…
the Lake of Souls feels faster than Alfheim time, but Hel is much slower than Midgard.
Sorry, I’m sure that’s confusing—
If we will be back to my son all the sooner, that is good.
Ah!
Aren’t you a quick study.
This Valhalla…
is it within Hel?
Oh no, no—
Valhalla is part of Asgard.
Only the worthy dead go there, the warriors who die in glorious combat.
Hel is for those who die in dishonor.
Criminals.
Aye,
and those dead of disease, mishap, age…
It is dishonorable to grow old?
It is dishonorable to grow old?
Well,
never too late to go out fighting, I suppose.
That climb there could lead us out… if we could reach it.
Will killing the Bridge Keeper help the dead leave Midgard?
I don’t expect it will. Though I don’t suppose it will make things any worse, either.
It’ll be one less obstacle for the living to reach the inner sanctum of Helheim…
but who’d be mad enough to go there?
The Bridge of the Damned.
And there’s the keeper, making sure the dead are really dead.
What is that he holds?
That totem contains a powerful source of magical energy—the very power of Helheim itself.
But what you want is his heart.
Just take it and we can leave.
How?
Start some trouble. You can do that, right?
Now the heart, brother.
You’ll have to get your hands dirty.
Right over here—that glowing bit.
Target ’er with your blades and give ’em a clean throw.
Now target that wind trap with your blades—it’s that little ball hanging in the middle of the door
there, see it?
Just let ’er loose.
Now target that wind trap with your blades.
See there? It’s a little ball hanging in the middle of the door.
See that?
Now you can absorb and release the Winds of Hel whenever it damn pleases you, so you’re welcome and
I’m leaving.
This place is cold enough to freeze a pair of pigeon eggs.
I sometimes wonder if there was once some sort of accident in his brain.
We have been away too long.
Sorry, brother… I’m still stuck on what I heard back there.
Zeus was your father?
Not now.
We should focus on getting out of Hel.
And with that I cannot argue.
I’ll just contemplate that little nugget in silence then.
Then speak no more of it.
Use the fire of your blades to burn away that Hel’s Bramble blocking the path.
See that?
One of the many reasons we went back for those blades…
How is he here?
That is not possible.
It’s just an illusion.
Hel’s known for torturing its inhabitants with their own past.
We should focus on getting back to your son.
That lock needs a gust of Hel’s Wind to open it.
Here we go! I’m finally gonna get to see—
Why is it so cold?? I’m serious! This is unreasonable. I’ve seen enough—we can turn back now.
I can’t believe we’re back in Hel.
At least we’re not on the side of the bridge where those visions will torture us.
It’s so cold,
my spit freezes when I talk.
Ptah!
Okay! Great!
We’re done here? We can leave? We can go home now? And be warm?
For the record,
I never need to come back here,
thanks.
Those blades are clearly not from this realm…
they emanate heat
and terrible cruelty.
They will be effective against the Bridge Keeper, but you should hurry.
The longer you delay here, the more your son will suffer.
I can only keep him comfortable for so long.
You have it!
Back of your hand.
I can break the fever,
but to heal…
Yes.
Help me prop him up.
Did I tell you that I have a son too?
It’s been...
forever since I last saw him.
At his birth, the runes foretold a needless death.
The babe in my arms was so
small,
so helpless.
I knew right then I would do anything to protect him.
No matter the sacrifice...
Of course everything I did, I did for myself.
I let my needs, my fears, come before what he needed...
and I couldn’t see his resentment until it was too late.
Don’t make the same mistake. Have faith in him.
I know the truth isn’t simple... but nothing is when it involves your child.
For now.
The heart…
Yes.
He is still ill.
...he must know the truth of what he is.
It is not so simple.
It is a curse.
The boy has been cursed.
I will not.
I see that.
Is he well enough to travel?
You see that it does not.
Don’t leave without me.
I’m better now.
It won’t happen again.
I promise.
You are quiet.
Are you not better?
I know you overheard my talk with Freya.
You think you understand. But you do not.
Why do you say nothing?
You do not know everything, boy.
The truth…
The truth.
I am a god, boy,
from another land, far from here.
When I came to these shores, I chose to live as a man. But the truth is…
I was born a god. And so were you.
Boy?
Have you nothing to say?
Can you turn into an animal?
No… no, I do not think so.
No, she was mortal, but she knew my true nature.
I had hoped to spare you.
Being a god… it can be a lifetime of anguish and tragedy.
That is the curse.
I do not know the reach of your godhood, but over time, we will learn.
I guess.
You said I was cursed.
You think I’m weak, because I’m not like you.
I know I was never what you wanted.
But after all this, I thought…
maybe things were different.
No.
But at least I know the truth now.
I’m… Can I…
turn into an animal?
I’m a god.
Mother knew? She was a god too?
I’m a god.
Why did you wait so long to tell me?
What sorts of things can I do? Can I fly? Or turn invisible?
I don’t feel like a god.
Well, this isn’t right.
But close enough.
He did say there were kinks.
We must hurry.
Freya…
I will not forget this.
Thanks…
Your father did the heavy lifting. You should stay. Recover.
You have done enough.
You know my door is always open to you.
Sorry.
Guess we’re going…
That’s Vanaheim, isn’t it?
You figured that out, did you?
Well, the window looks like Bifröst crystal…
and I know that’s not what’s on the other side of the wall.
And, well…
it makes you sad.
You are wise for one so young.
Yes, this is a window to a home I left long ago.
But it is only a view.
The thing that happened to you in Alfheim…
you can’t leave Midgard, can you?
A “gift” from my former husband upon our separation.
Why would Odin trap you in Midgard?
Petty cruelty would be reason enough for him.
But as with all his rash decisions, he’s driven by fear.
The Vanir were the greatest threat to the Aesir until our marriage brokered peace.
Many of the Vanir now think I betrayed them…
the fruits of my sacrifice—
to be hated by my own kind.
To trap me here
is to ensure I can never make it right.
Now then… before Modi so rudely interrupted us, we were just about to explore Týr’s vault.
Yes. To find the Black Rune.
Boy, do you know the way from here?
Oh. I don’t know.
Sure, you do, lad. We need a boat!
I dunno,
I guess we need a boat.
Okay then!
Nope! Still kinked!
Ah, see?
The boat washed ashore.
Someone did call the serpent earlier.
Get in.
I will pull.
You sure I can’t turn into a wolf?
You are welcome to surprise me…
Ought’n we be gettin’ back to Freya’s?
I think I see how this works… the claw’s on one side, and if we get this unstuck—
Oh no… I think the rope’s stuck under that rock.
Yes sir. Sorry, sir.
BOY!
That was careless.
Wait! That one’s not broken!
There’s a note… a Giant’s prayer.
They’re asking their ancestors to watch over them… to guide them home.
Wait! I think I know how it works…
Watch.
Wow…
I asked them to watch over mother.
Do you think they’ll watch over us on our way to the top?
Boy—
What did you write?
Come, boy. It is a long way up.
Wait, boy.
If we can catch it off balance.
What are you doing?
You break right.
Find an angle.
Wait for my mark.
It’s Sindri!
Can you kill something that big?
I can distract him.
We have to help him.
Thank you.
Wow. We actually did it!
And you—
What are these?
Oh.
Thanks?
Yeah! He said you lost your talent.
Ahhh…
But—but—but—nobody’s killed a dragon for hundreds of years…
not since the Grand Culling of the Wyrms!
And unless I’m mistaken, you did all that…
for me!
You deny it all you want, but you saved me. And that…
… deserves compensation.
Braided mistletoe arrows. Straighter than Heimdall and perfectly weighted.
Oh,
okay…
Hold on…
uh…
Ew, not that.
Um…
Have you seen my brother again?
Oh, and that I’m selfish (no), I’m sure.
That I value a weapon’s look (no) over its purpose.
That I’m pretentious (no!) and uptight.
Fussy.
I know what he thinks.
But he can’t hurt me any—
AH!!
Burn that.
No! No-no-no-no, wait-wait-wait-wait-wait…
I have a better idea.
I just need a tooth from that dragon.
You are mistaken.
The dragon was simply in our path… nothing more.
I do not have time for this.
What?
Yeeeah…
I’m not touching that. Just…
hold it out.
Now run that along the string of your son’s bow.
Just humor me.
Two passes should do it.
Gently, now!
Oh sure, now you’re impressed.
Atreus…
your bow.
Whoa.
A broken quiver will slow your draw.
Pain we endure,
faulty weaponry we do not.
This will do for now.
Good?
Go.
Good.
Ah, the very topic of conversation... a tattooed man traveling with a child.
He doesn’t know what you are...
Me? I’m the greatest ambassador to the gods, the Giants, and all the creatures of the Nine Realms.
I know every corner of these lands, every language spoken, every war waged, every deal struck.
They call me... Mimir! --smartest man alive, and I have the answer to your every question.
Okay, there are a few gaps in my knowledge.
But Odin’s had me imprisoned here for... 109 winters.
I’m a clever lad, I can piece it together, I promise. Just... given time. 
Oh, then you’ve come to the wrong place, little brother.
The highest peak in all the realms is not here in Midgard.
It’s in Jötunheim, realm of the Giants.
Take a look...
This is the last known bridge to Jötunheim in all the realms.
See that mountain, looks like a Giant’s fingers scraping the sky?
That’s the highest peak in all the realms... Not here.
When the Giants destroyed all other bridges to their realm,
they locked this one up with a secret rune.
If it still exists, only a Giant would know it.
True. But today the winds of fate have kicked up a strange vortex of coincidence.
Fact is, there’s only one person alive who can get you where you need to go
…and luckily for you, my schedule’s wide open.
It’s your best and only move from a tactical standpoint.
It’s the one place the man who cannot be killed won’t follow you.
First, you need to cut off my head.
Odin made sure that no weapon, not even Thor’s hammer, could free my body from these bonds.
But fortunately, you don’t need my body.
The trick is, we need to find someone who can reanimate my head, using the old magic.
And she’ll help? She might do. Worth a try!
He tortures me, you know.
Every day, brother.
Odin himself sees to it personally, and believe me, there is no end to his creativity.
Every. Single. Day. This…
this isn’t living.
Brother, in case you can’t resurrect me, there’s something you need know.
The boy...
...the longer you wait to tell him his true nature, the more damage you do.
He will resent you, and you may lose him forever.
Aye… so you value your privacy more than your son?
Fair enough.
Boy, check their path and make sure we are alone.
Do as I say.
And I would keep it that way.
Who are you?
Why does the son of Odin hunt us?
The boy’s mother is dead.
She wished her—
That could not be what she meant...
What do we do?
Old magic…
there is a Witch of the Woods, she knows the old ways.
But if she fails, you will be dead.
Very well.
There is much about me I would not have him know.
I’m going to cut off your head now.
But... we just saw them leave.
Nobody there…just like I said.
She wanted us to spread her ashes on the highest peak in all the realms.
No!
Can’t we just take that bridge? We have a Bifröst.
And all of them left Midgard a long time ago...
We’re going to Jötunheim, right?
Yes!
Wait, what?
I can’t watch this.
The mouth… we made it.
More Black Breath.
Where are we going? The entrance was back there.
Are you in a hurry?
No! But you normally are. I’m happy to keep exploring.
You want to leave already? We just got here.
That emblem—it matches the one on the door to Jötunheim in Týr’s temple. The Giants did come here!
Is that… a deer?
I don’t remember stories of a Giant with a deer head. Wonder who he is?
No way across, but there’s a sand bowl.
Maybe the riddle will help?
What does it say?
“No yoked beast,
nor fearful thrall / Nor rooted tree
doth know my call.”
Hm.
Nothing.
The floor, boy.
That doesn’t mean anything. Something’s missing.
Think there’s a second light crystal around here?
Seek it out.
I’ve looked all over this room.
Don’t see the other crystal anywhere…
Oh!
How do you think that got up there?
This place must have been important to the Giants. It’s like they’re testing us.
Okay, that looks right.
Still no help.
I can almost make it out…
What is the riddle?
“No yoked beast, nor fearful thrall /
Nor rooted tree doth know my call.”
Not sure what a
“thrall” is, but
“freedom” fits the rest.
Why are we leaving? Pretty sure the way up the mountain is inside.
Is that… sap? In a cave? Weird.
Runes! I can read it now!
Is it the answer?
“Freedom” …
sure, that works!
The runes.
A riddle answer for that sand bowl?
It means “freedom.”
Let’s try it!
Go ahead.
Sure.
Frelsa
What’s it doing?
Oh! Thought maybe there’d be a bridge.
Rrrn. Your Giants mean to test us further.
There’s a crystal in that torch holder. Should I light it?
That helps, right?
Guess we have to down to go up?
These passages seem too small for Giants.
(giggles)
Why do you laugh?
Oh… you’re serious.
I am always serious.
I forget…
mom always said you never took an interest in history.
Giants are just a race, like Elves and Huldrafolk.
It doesn’t mean they’re big.
What of the World Serpent?
Okay, in that case, Giant also means big.
But there’s only one of him.
Boy…
another light crystal.
Just look at this place.
It feels so—
Dead.
I was gonna say “ancient,”
but
dead works too.
How’d you know that was there?
Uhh… this is a lot of bodies.
Tell me what you see.
Well… they look like men, not Giants.
Correct.
Thieves seeking treasure.
See the traps?
Oh yeah. Lucky for us they set ’em all off.
Be grateful these stay dead.
The statue! We made it across!
Guess we’re not going back that way.
Ohhh…
this is Duraþrór,
one of the four stags of the World Tree.
He’s supposed to watch the entrance to Jötunheim while the Giants sleep.
Think he’s still there?
I do not know.
Where to now?
The peak is still our goal…
we find a way up.
Nothing down here but some weird sap.
It’s that weird sap again. I think we’re on the other side.
Wow.
“The highest peak in the realms.”
Think Mom knew this was the Giant’s mountain?
No. Her request has been more… complicated, than she could have foreseen.
Those runes…
It’s a name, I think—
Hræzlyr.
It means “terror”.
Hey, who do you think lit these torches? The dead don’t need light.
Eyes open.
HELLOOOO!
Stop that.
C’mon, I was just—
Okay…
Whoa…
what is all this?
Where are we?
A mine…
and if this claw reaches the summit,
our goal is near.
Alright. How do we use it?
There’s gotta be a way to make that claw work.
There’s a machine with gears and rope by that torch.
What do you think that’s for?
Well that’s not going anywhere.
We don’t have to leave. I’m sure we can figure this out.
It’s stuck.
But maybe we can find a way up through there!
After… you know…
getting rid of those things.
But maybe we can find a way up through there!… Uhhh… after getting rid of that!
I don’t think that’s a good idea. You might snap the rope.
Maybe we should find a way up to it instead?
Looks like something’s supposed to roll on these.
See anything?
Mining cart.
That could be useful, yeah?
We need to free the rope from under the mess you created up there, boy.
I get it. I screwed up.
Maybe if you pull on the crank really hard, it’ll come free?
Maybe there’s a way up there through the passage that opened?
We will see.
The machinery in here looks almost Dwarven,
but the stonework… that’s definitely Jötun.
You know, I think the Giants not only mined the mountain, but actually lived here.
What’s that?
Weird.
There’s a candle all tangled up with string and some sort of animal hide.
Some kind of lantern?
No wick though.
That is of no use to us. The Bifröst lights our way.
Wow. How big is this place?
It is a mountain.
Big.
More traps.
There’s a tunnel, but you won’t fit.
Take it.
Okay—
Sure is dark in here.
It’s really hard to see.
Want me to light the torch crystal over there?
You okay?
You okay?
Of course.
What happened to him?
It died.
Well. Yeah…
Think you can move it? Looks kind of heavy.
I can move it.
It moves!
Aaand we’re stuck.
Cart’s still attached to the—
I see that.
There.
Let’s go!
It’s the main room, but
how do we get through that?
Look for the draw chain that opens it.
Maybe there’s a way through the big gate up there?
That’s it! Come on up.
That’s it!
No way up from here…
It’s working!
It’s working!
Look at all this old stuff.
If it is not useful, leave it alone.
I know.
Okay! I think we can get to that rock now.
Okay! I think we can get to that rock now.
Still need to free the rope. Think you can use the cart to get us up there?
Still need to free the rope. Think you can use the cart to get us up there?
I think it’s up ahead.
Look! Another lantern!
Broken.
Leave it.
What could they be for? There’s something special about them. I can feel it.
Well, that looks heavy.
No way.
How—?!
You did it! I bet we can make the rope wheel work now. Might give us a way to the top!
The rope’s still pinned under the rock. Don’t we need to move it first?
Your quiver.
Strap broke when we fought the dragon.
It’s all right—
I can hold it.
Stop.
You hear those voices too, right?
Yes. Be silent…
You know why we’re here. My last visit manage to loosen your tongue?
That sounds like the same man who came to our house. You said you killed him…
Sshhh.
I see you brought company this time.
Must be important if the sons of Thor deign to grace me with their presence.
Tell me…
you two still tripping over yourselves to impress daddy?
The tattooed man. Tracks show he now travels with a child.
Where would they go next?
Why would I know that?
You’re the smartest man alive, aren’t you?
Smarter than all the dead ones, too.
You help me, I help you. Tell me where they are
and I’ll talk to Odin—
Your father won’t let me go, Baldur, and he won’t let you kill me. You have nothing to offer me.
So take your questions, take your threats, take these two worthless wankers, and piss off.
When no one’s looking…
we’ll be back for your other eye.
Don’t you forget…
we’re everywhere.
We really are, aren’t we?
Oh, shut up you idiots.
Let’s go.
Back to the wheel.
It’s working!
We got the claw back!
Oop—there it goes again…
If we could just ride up with the claw somehow, we’d be to the top in no time…
Ohh, I see what we’re doing…
It fits! That’s perfect…
Hey, wait for us…!
How do we keep those gears from moving?
You’ve been able to freeze gears with your axe before… What about the ones next to the rope wheel?
That should hold it.
Here we go!
Do you think this goes all the way up to the top?
We will see soon enough.
Something…
feels strange up there.
We’re heading into danger.
Do not concern yourself with what might be.
Focus on what is…
and be vigilant.
Yes, sir.
Not the top…
but we’re closer.
Whoa. What’s it—
Stay back!
More tests.
Nice moment ruined.
More of ’em!
The tunnel, boy.
Got it.
Be careful.
Dwarves must have carved these tunnels around the Giants' traps. Good thing too.
Well… good for me anyway.
What the—?
Oh come ON.
That is not helping.
Stay here until it is safe.
None of this is safe.
You will know when.
See you on the other side.
Another mining lift! It may not be as long a way up as we thought.
Looks like the only way up is with the lift, somehow.
How do we make it go?
Maybe we’re too heavy?
That did it!
Or not.
Are we still too heavy?
All right! We’re moving again.
Hey, when we get to the summit
how far do you think we’ll be able to see?
The lake? The World Serpent? Our house?
We will see when we get there.
Until then,
eyes open.
Whoa!
Atreus?!
I’m fine. Just lost my balance for a moment. You know, for someone so strong, you sure worry a lot.
It serves me well… and how I keep us alive.
I guess.
Not a terribly fun way to live though.
How was that for “fun?”
I get it.
I should worry more.
Is this where we get off?
No. We are stuck.
I think part of the lift is stuck in that wall. Can you get it free?
How much farther do we have to go?
I do not know.
Think we’ll get attacked again?
Definitely.
Oh boy.
Yes.
Now, be ready.
Stuck again.
I know.
Shouldn’t we get moving? They could be back any moment.
I think we’re safe now.
It would seem.
Father?
After we scatter Mother’s ashes…
what then?
What comes next?
Nothing comes next.
We go home.
That’s it? The adventure is over?
For now.
But we will have much to do.
You were right earlier—on the boat after cutting down the last tree.
You said it felt like something had changed.
And it has,
and our home is no longer safe.
But it will be again.
And we must continue your training.
Okay.
We’re almost at the summit. Nothing’s gonna stop us—
What is it boy?
DRAGON!!!
Aaahh!
Calm yourself, boy! And stay behind me!
Yes, sir!
Watch the talons!
Look out!
Here he comes!
Watch out!
What are you doing?!
Be ready!
Hold on!
Phew… That was intense.
Hold.
Whoah… What was that?
That looks like a root of the Yggdrasil tree!
Is that its sap?
Crystalized sap…
and there is power inside.
Maybe try throwing it?
Incredible!
I can’t believe we fought a dragon! I was aiming for his eyes, but I kept losing my footing.
Do you think this is their home? Did they move in after the Giants left? Or are they WHY the Giants left?
Boy.
The air grows thin here. No more questions.
Breathe.
Oh…
yes…
I see…
Ahh! Ahhh!
Go away!
Shoo! Shoo!
Ahh! Help!
Help!!!
Do you hear that? It sounds like someone screaming.
Hey ugly! Over here!
You okay?
For now!
GO!
Father! Try using one of those crystals!
Boy! Are you okay?
Yeah!
I have a plan!
Be ready to lower the crane on my mark!
But… I don’t know how this thing works!
I do not care!
Be ready!
NOW!!!
Rrrrrrgh!
I just need one tooth.
I promise you’re going to like this.
Watch where you grab tha… oh… nevermind.
(gag) So unclean.
(heave) So, so unclean.
(gag)
Oh the smell!
Perfect—
that should do…
ugh
Oh… How do I explain this?
I’ve added a new vibrating pattern to the bowstring’s fibers. Aiming it at that hardened world tree
sap will vibrate its patterns to fracture point.
What’s… that mean?
It makes certain crystals go boom. Trust me,
you’ll love it.
Oh! Oh… I see you figured it out on your own then. Just… Nevermind.
I wasn’t just explaining the beautiful and complex artistry of my craft or anything… No, just…
anything to help you. Yup!
Feels like it wasn’t that long ago we were hunting deer. Now we’ve fought Dark Elves, and trolls,
and ogres, and a dragon! I feel like we can beat anything now.
We win because we are determined.
Disciplined.
Not because we feel ourselves superior.
Sure… I know…
It’s just…
it feels good to be strong.
You know?
… Yes.
I know.
Stuck.
Wonder if there’s another crystal around we could use on those roots?
There we go.
Want me to shatter it?
Just say the word and I’ll shatter it.
Oh, I’m gonna like this.
Strange though… that one didn’t completely blow up.
That crystal… I shot it once, but it’s glowing again…
The crystal renews itself.
Useful.
All right!
Look! There’s a bridge over there. But how do we get to it?
We gotta find a way to lower that bridge. That has to be the way out of here.
Got it!
Oh. Guess not. Now it’s stuck on the other side.
C’mon… we got it to fall halfway. There has to be a way bring it down.
I will never get tired of shattering things with this.
It’s getting colder—we must be near the top!
Not long now, mom.
Look! The summit! We’re so close now…
Steady, boy. Mind your footing.
There must be some way up…
Jötunheim. We’re going to Jötunheim. We’re going to find the long-lost realm of the Giants. That’s…
that’s—
Inconvenient.
Yeah… that’s…
just what I was going to say.
Do you remember the way to the Witch’s house?
Yes. The woods with the blood-red leaves, south of the lake. I know just where to go.
Hope she made it back from Alfheim and can bring Mimir back.
He seemed nice,
before you cut off his head.
That’s funny…
How so?
One hand wrote
“Jötnar only”
and another wrote
“and also Dwarves.”
Should we add to it?
No.
Atreus!
A tunnel exits here!
On my way!
(distant voice)
(distant voice)
(distant voice)
So this is the bridge to Jötunheim?
I guess Mimir will help us figure out how to get through it…
if we can bring him back to life.
So this is the bridge to Jötunheim?
This looks like those weird doors we’ve seen.
I guess Mimir will help us figure it all out…
if we can bring him back to life.
Look at this place… this must be a branch of the World Tree!
Boy!
Stay on the path.
Right. Right, I know…
We jump.
Really?
Oh dear…
BAD IDEEEEEAAAAAAAA!!!
I can’t believe it was Baldur that came to our house. The Aesir god,
Baldur.
And you fought him…
and won!
Who is he?
One of Odin’s sons—Thor’s brother.
And now he’s hunting us with his nephews?
Why is this happening?
If we can raise the head, you can ask him.
Okay.
You know… it’s silly, but I secretly hoped we’d find a Giant somewhere in that mountain.
I guess they really did leave Midgard—except for the serpent. He may be the last of his kind.
Are you the last of your kind, too?
Is that why you don’t like to talk about—
My kind?
I mean… your family?
Before mother and I.
Where you came from…
a mother?
A father?
Now is not the time for that.
Yes, sir.
Well, you gentlemen certainly know how to get around.
Something about this place always makes me feel like I can fly.
It’s disorienting, isn’t it? I strongly suggest NOT leaping into the void, though.
Seems like this should go somewhere,
doesn’t it?
It goes down. Way, WAY down.
Well, I’m pretty sure you weren’t talking to me back there.
Anything you’d like to get off your chest, brother?
I can assure you I’m unsurpassed in keeping confidences.
Well, you know where to find me.
And for the record, I'd already guessed you were Greek.
"Athena?" Dead giveaway.
Is there something down there?
Yes, bloody oblivion is down there, lad. Please, you’re concerning me.
Hey…
if I’m a god, maybe I CAN fly!
No, NO! Gods, too, must stay on the path, I promise you..!
If you’re thinking about hurling us all into the void, I hope you’re quite sure.
Wasn’t it your idea?
Find our own path,
right?
Bollocks…
Ready?
Ready.
Well… if this is it, lads, it’s been an honor.
Have faith,
Head.
Whooooo-hoooooooooo!
Ach… how can I be so nauseous without a stomach?
Come on,
that was great…!
Look…
The tower!
I knew there was something down here…
Amazing.
How do you hide something that exists in all realms?
Cast it out of any realm to the space between.
Clever old Týr.
But how do we use it?
Well…
this is sparse.
The pedestal…
Something’s happening!
Is it moving?
It’s moving!
This is incredible—the whole tower has absorbed the power of the Unity Stone!
What happens now?
No idea,
brother...
but after that fall, I’
m sure we’re past the worst of it.
Oop!
No,
this is considerably worse.
Aw, man… the tower ate the Unity stone, didn’t it? I wanted to fly again…
Yes, that’s a terrible pity.
Know any more stories, Mimir?
Of course, laddie, and yours for the asking. But I prefer the boat. In here is… distracting.
Yeah. But also sad the journey’s almost over.
Oh! What if we get to Jötunheim, and there aren’t any Giants there either?
Father, can I tell him?
Let me guess... your brother isn’t as talented as you, and his work is junk.
It’s all you ever talk about, over and over.
Do something about it or shut up already.
Yeah! We’re sick of hearing about little people’s little problems!
Makes little difference to us. Fulfilling your mother’s wish is what is important.
No.
It is nothing.
A family matter.
Ah! Don’t go anywhere—be with you in two shakes.
Tell me what?
Did you put this wheel in your mouth?
Oh god, I’ll vomit, I’m not kidding, I’ll throw up on it…
Oh, I can tell you a thing or two about family matters…
Uh… those things are accurate. Your point?
I see…
Umm…
alright…
That hurt a little.
Let’s have a look at your gear then.
So, lad… excited to finally see the land of the Giants?
Great—
I guess they’re all coming to life now.
Oh look, a different realm,
don’t mind if I do.
They thought that was gonna stop us? Pfft…
Okay, which way up?
(Sigh) Broken again.
You know…
I’m starting to question Sindri’s skill.
Maybe Brok was right all along.
Why did you speak to the Dwarf like that?
Aren’t you sick of hearing about him and his brother?
Of course.
But it serves nothing to make an enemy of him.
He should know the truth. Even if it hurts.
It was needless and unkind.
Truth is more important than kindness.
Your mother would disagree.
She wasn’t a god.
Why don’t you let me carry her up from here?
No.
Why not? We’re almost there. You know I can handle it!
Can you?
After the way you spoke of her,
I question that.
What, that she wasn’t a god?
She was better than a god—
and you shall not dishonor her.
Fine. Carry her yourself.
Mimir… if you knew all along that we were gods,
why come up with that story about Odin trying to follow us to Jötunheim before we get there, or whatever?
Isn’t it a lot simpler if they want us dead because we’re gods, and they think we’re a threat?
I suppose we can’t rule it out. But Odin’s ways are subtle and his purposes are—
Ugh, enough about Odin and his whole stupid family.
Whoa!
Phht… I suppose that’s Odin’s doing too.
Nice try!
You and mother always said all gods were evil…
but we’re not! Týr wasn’t. Freya neither. 
The Aesir gods - that’s who’s evil.
And you know what—Odin’s right. We are a threat.
Cause we know what they are, and we know we can beat them.
Well, not all of them.
Not yet.
Magni did his worst, and he’s dead.
They’re no better than us.
And they’re gonna be sorry they picked this fight.
Ahh, Alfheim.
I missed its gentle breeze and the sweet smell of honeysuckle and blood.
Well…
judging by the sky, the Light Elves are in control of the Light this time.
Explain.
You see… the Light Elves and Dark Elves—
… are always fighting over the Light.
That part we know.
But did you also know that control of the light has changed hands no less than two hundred and thirteen times?
Really?!
It’s true. Each side believes itself the rightful keepers of the Light and argue they’re simply fighting for survival.
But the fact of the matter is…
the war has been going on so long, they don’t know who they are without it.
So…
clear this up for me…
Svartalfheim means “Land of the Dark Elves,” right?
Right…
But you said the Dark Elves have been here in Alfheim a really long time.
And anyway…
aren’t Dwarves supposed to be from Svartalfheim?
They don’t look like Dark Elves.
Don’t you think so?
Then you are vastly more perceptive than the Aesir.
They’re the ones who apparently can’t tell the difference,
and they’re the ones who came up with that name.
Dwarves actually call their home realm “Niðavellir.”
So the Dark Elves aren’t from Svartalfheim at all?
Not even a bit. They’re just Elves of another color.
Nobody knows who came first, but they all come from Alfheim.
Why do they fight all the time if they’re really the same?
That… is adorable.
Huh?
It is the way of the world.
Oh.
Well,
that’s sad…
We're going back into the trench again?
Lögr
Huh.
Never knew this was here.
Freyr’s Temple—
the ring is just as beautiful as I’d remembered.
Freyr?
A Vanir god.
Freya’s brother, actually!
Freyr has a long history with the Elves…
one of the few gods welcome here.
Father,
after what we did—
giving control of the temple back to the Light Elves—
do you think the war is over?
At least, for a while?
No, Atreus.
The Dark Elves may have scattered for now,
but some other will rise to lead them,
and they will surely attack again.
Afraid your da’s right, son.
I see.
Now straight back to Týr’s Temple to find that Black Rune.
But there’s still so much we haven’t explored. And I’m a god now!
(Gasps) Wait, is that why I can hear thoughts sometimes? Like in Alfheim? Can you hear voices too?
I cannot.
Did you always know you were a god?
No.
How did you find out?
Did your father tell you?
Atreus, lad—a question for you first:
Why do you suppose the World Serpent didn’t just tell us the Black Rune?
Oh. You’re right! Why didn’t he?
Different language. Different alphabet.
Nothing comes easy, does it?
I’m a god now. Let’
s find out.
Is this why I hear voices sometimes?
You sure you’ve never heard any?
Not as you do.
That’s no surprise. Every god is unique.
So…
maybe I won’t get strong like father… but I’ll have abilities all my own?
You already do, laddy!
Your faculty for language is extraordinary for one so young.
Time alone will tell what else you’ll become capable of.
So… you knew all along.
I did, lad.
But I’ve known more than my share of gods.
Me too, apparently.
I wonder who else knew I was a god…
Freya for sure…
Brok and Sindri?
They do not need to know.
(gasps) Baldur! Does he know? Is that why he’s after us? Do you know him from before?
The day of your mother’s funeral was the first I ever saw Baldur.
That is the truth.
Hey—we don’t have to go right back to Týr’s Vault, do we?
I mean… we’re Gods! We can do whatever we want, right?
What do you really feel like doing right now?
I will show you.
No way!
You choose. Show me how to do it.
I wanna know everything.
Let’s try this again…
without interruptions.
Here we go again…
You ready?
Read it.
“Death itself I swallow...
To spring forth life tomorrow.“
Oh… I like that one.
I wonder if I wrote it…
The bowl’s answer?
In plain sight?
It says “Earth.”
Is that the answer there?
It says “Earth.”
Mm. Swallows death, brings forth life…
Read it.
“Death itself I swallow /
To spring forth life tomorrow.“
Oh… I like that one. I wonder if I wrote it…
Go.
Jörð…
Go.
Jörð…
Thor...
blamed me...
ME...
for what you did to Magni.
My own father
called me a coward...
I’ll kill you—!
Aah!! Aah... aah...
Hehehehe... that’s what I said to your mother... Right before I gave it to her.
Looks like he did more than that.
Move it or we’ll pick up where he left off.
He should pay for what he said about mother.
But we’re gods.
We can do whatever. We. Want.
This is a much better knife than Mother’s.
Haven’t you been teaching me to kill?
Nobody cared about him anyways. What’s the difference?
Why? How do you know?
How do you know!?
Whatever.
No.
He is beaten—
not worth killing.
I said no.
What are you doing?!
You killed against my wishes.
You lost control.
I have been teaching you to survive.
We are gods, boy...
and that makes us a target.
From now until the end of days,
you are marked.
So I teach you to kill, yes...
but in defense of yourself. Never as an indulgence.
There are consequences to killing a god.
Watch your tone, boy.
Wow.
Jötunheim.
We made it.
No! I’m a god too!
I can do this!
Get off him!
NO!!!! You broke the gate!
That was our only way to Jötunheim!
Let GO!!!
I AM ready!!!
Þruma—!!
Beautiful, isn’t it?
Why, I remember once—
Brother! Look ou—
Baldur. Let ’em go. Take me instead. I’ll do whatever you—
Miss me?
Really?
Shut up.
All this time, I thought I needed you!
But, you’re just meat!
Turns out, the boy is the brains!
Oh, you stupid son of a bitch!
Yes… by all means, junior, run away. Let daddy do all the heavy lifting for you.
And here I thought my family was fucked up…
Aww… your father is right boy.
You are far from ready.
Now, would you be so kind as to hold this for me?
Thank you.
Run, boy!
Cross the bridge!
RAAAAAA!
Get out of here, boy!
Calm DOWN, boy!
You are NOT ready for this.
Boy… I…
ATREUS!!
What do you need that for?
We did that already.
Why are we going this way?
Did we miss something back here?
Maybe I should have rolled Modi in there with all the other dead guys…
What?
You feel like crawling on top of dead bodies again?
Pretty sure there’s nothing else for us here.
Can we go back to the room with the stag statue now?
This is pointless!
Keep your wits about you, boy. If Modi found us, Baldur cannot be far.
Good.
I have a few words for him too…
No, you do not.
You will leave him to me.
So you can kill him.
’Cause that’s what we do to our enemies. RIGHT? Cause he’d do the same to us?
I will do only what is necessary.
And I’ll help.
NO.
Oh yeah,
this room.
But we need a new way up.
You know there’s no way up this way, right?
Destroyed…
Even if we could take the cart up, the next platform broke when we fought the dragon.
Did you already forget?
I can’t learn if you won’t teach me.
You do not heed my lessons.
I’ve done everything you asked, and all I wanted was the truth.
Where did you get your fire blades?
Why did you hide them?
You said there are consequences to killing a god.
You used the blades to kill one?
Who else did you kill, before Magni?
How many?
Do you hear me?
I heard you, and these are not subjects for discussion. Do not push me, boy.
Fine.
Mimir, guess what. I know everything I need to know now. I have nothing else to learn.
Uh… congratulations?
What does this say?
It says… “Don’t wake him”.
It says… “Don’t wake him”.
Whatever.
We’ve killed everything else in this mountain!
Who else wants a taste?
What does this say?
It says… “Don’t wake him”.
Nice one.
Brothers, be warned—
the tunnels I’m seeing in the walls up here show signs of recent Dragon activity—!
We already killed that dragon.
Ah.
Did ya then?
Well.
How’d that go?
Come ON, you two…
the silence is getting unnerving.
Don’t worry about it.
We’re focusing.
Nearly there now!
Finally…
Boy, the rune.
Carve along that.
Don’t you know when to give up?!?
STAY!
AWAY!
FROM!
MY!
SON!
DIE!
DIE!
WHY WON’T YOU DIE!
YOU FOOLISH…
PIGHEADED…
MOTHERFUCKER!
RRRAAAAWWW!!!
Why do you not help fight?
Oh, are you talking to me? Thought you didn’t like my tone.
Have you forgotten your training?
Guess so!
Well. There’s a sight no man should ever see. Thanks for that.
Wait? Aren’t we looking for Brok? He’s back there!
That key has gotta be for that crazy door downstairs, hidden around the back. Remember?
And beyond that, hopefully some trace of a secret path to Jötunheim!
Now we just need to figure out what door this key opens.
It has to be somewhere around the temple…
And beyond that, hopefully some trace of a secret path to Jötunheim!
Oh, you’re right—now that we’ve got the key,
we can open that big door any time we want. Let’s explore!
Wow, that was… uh... something, that uh, fight.
Here, catch!
Well that was a waste of a perfectly good apple.
Oh. That.
It's a little trick my people can pull. A special way of not being seen.
More like I can step into the realm between realms...and your mind doesn't understand what it’s seeing, so
it sees nothing at all.
That’s how we avoid ever having to actually use the weapons we craft.
It, uh…it doesn’t seem to work on dragons though.
Brok was asking about me? Was there mead on his breath?
You let him touch this again.
Come on then...
Okay, now shush! I need complete silence for this…
There ya go!
How were you not seen?
There is nowhere here to hide.
Rrrr.
You can be invisible?
Your brother wanted to know if you were getting enough to eat.
I guess I can tell him you are!
So that’s how Brok was in the temple right after the water dropped. He stepped between realms!
Yes, sir.
Ready?
Dig in and push with everything.
How do we get down?
Really?
Why would I panic?!
Whoa!!
Uh huh.
We jump!
Come!
Do not panic!
I have you!
You are well?
Good. We should keep moving.
You’re cracked, you know that?
Hurry, brother.
We may get a piece of the chisel and be gone before they even notice.
Uh oh.
You.
Surrender. The Allfather demands it.
Good.
Boy—
No.
This fight is mine, boy. GO.
And where do you think you’re goin’?
Oh no. Brother!
The little freak’s got a bow! What are we gonna do?
Magni!
NO—!!
How did you…?
You have no idea what…
You son of a bitch!
You’re next!
Come back, you damn coward!
I’ll rip your head off!!
No!
It hasn’t…
NO.
I’ll be alright…
I’m fine. See?
The sickness…
the fever has returned.
Boy…
Steady…
The coughing… the blood…
The boy’s sick. He needs Freya.
There you go, lad…
We seek a chisel?
The tip of one, yes…
a very, very giant chisel.
Magically sealed, I’m afraid.
That big crystal on the Giant’s ring looks promising…
Brother, looks like that crystal’s brimming again.
Darn. That didn’t seem to do anything.
Ooo. Neat trick, lad.
Thanks.
His idea.
What happened to the survivors?
What happened to the survivors?
Oh, Thamur was a Frost Giant.
When he died, his final breath froze everything.
There he is…
Find the tip of that chisel.
That’s the magic we need.
An Alfheim light crystal.
Wonder what it’s for?
The crystal! There it is!
A light crystal base? But where’s the crystal?
Well here’s the base for the crystal we saw.
But...
how do we get it down?
Hey! Hardened world tree sap. That’s handy.
That did it!
“To Njörd we offer back the sea’s bounty.”
Ah, yes. It was believed that Njörd calmed the winds and seas for the fishermen.
For that, they loved and worshipped him here.
How we getting down there?
I have a plan.
You do?
Do not act so surprised.
No offense, brother,
but I don’t even think Thor with Mjölnir in hand could get through that much ice.
Then Thor is a fool.
This should be entertaining…
Boy.
Ready.
Look! Is that Sindri up there?
Oh, hey.
You again!
Come on up!
So! This plan of yours…
Can you guess it?
Knowing you,
it doesn’t involve standing around here.
Correct.
But how do we move forward?
Boy. Thamur really liked jewelry didn’t he?
He even braided his beard with it.
I happen to think he looks dashing…
you know… for a snow-covered corpse.
Wait, there’s one of those shatter crystals in his jewelry.
Careful! My shop’s RIGHT HERE!
We heading into that building?
Yes.
You think there’s something inside that’ll help us break the ice and get to the chisel tip?
No.
Hmm… I’ll keep thinking.
Mimir.
You knew this place?
Before?
Aye, came here on a diplomatic mission once, trying to broker a peace between Asgard and Vanaheim.
That war—
so many lives lost.
What I didn’t know was Thor had already gone on a killing spree of Giants.
What did the Giants have to do with the war between the gods?
Nothing at all, lad, that’s the tragedy of it.
They took no side in that madness…
but Odin’s paranoia is surpassed only by Thor’s lust for blood.
Another crystal… just give the word.
Huh. What now?
Ooh, we got most of it…
Well!
A stealthy plan it is not.
Now we must free the other strap.
We do?
We do.
Why are we going up when what we need is all the way down there?
Think.
Well…
the chisel tip is under thick layers of ice, so melting it won’t work.
Correct.
And there weren’t any Shatter Crystals nearby for me to shoot, so that’s not an option.
Correct.
That just leaves smashing the ice. But we’d need something ridiculously heavy to—Ohhhhh. I get it now.
Good.
How are we going to turn the hammer so it lands near the chisel tip?
Not possible.
We cut it free, ride it down, and figure out what comes next after.
So your plan involves a whole bunch of luck then.
You are welcome to suggest a different one.
What now?
Hold tight.
Uh.
This plan seems ill-advised.
Quiet, Head.
That didn’t work. It only fell a little ways.
We jump!
Oh no. The floor’s collapsed.
There’s a sand bowl, but how do we get to it?
“We” cannot.
Got it.
What does it say?
“When time itself is disarrayed / The forward path is retrograde.”
Retrograde? It’s backwards?
The runes on the wall.
Reverse them,
autumn first.
JUMP!!
Those symbols…
the seasons?
Yeah.
But the order’s all jumbled.
Shouldn’t it be
“Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn”?
Why start with “Winter”?
It’s from a song mother used to sing.
Oh! I know that one!
Winter—
Quiet, Head.
Doesn’t like music either… got it.
Try that.
Write it.
There.
Boy.
Do it.
Yes!
You sure?
Really?
Okay…
Haust!
Haust!
Haust!
Haust!
Haust!
Haust!
Haust!
Sumar!
Sumar!
Sumar!
Sumar!
Sumar!
Sumar!
Sumar!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vár!
Vetr!
Vetr!
Vetr!
Vetr!
Vetr!
Vetr!
Vetr!
Vetr!
Vetr!
It didn’t work. But I know that’s the order in the song mom sang.
Nuh uh. That wasn’t right.
Nope.
Try the song—
Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn.
Still not working.
Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn.
“Retrograde,” lads.
What?
Of course.
The riddle—
the answer is reversed.
Didn’t work.
Still nothing
Boy. The order from the song again?
Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn.
The riddle.
Winter is last.
There you go, brother.
Nope!
Want me to—?
No.
I just need quiet.
Winter,
last.
You sure you—?
QUIET.
Winter is last.
"Retrograde”…
Once more, boy—the song.
Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn.
When reversed,
Winter is last.
… and Autumn first.
I know.
Oh. I know, brother. Just, uh… reminding you what you know you know!
I don’t think we’re ever gonna get this.
Winter, Spring, Summer,
Autumn.
But reversed.
Autumn first,
Winter last…
Haust, vár,
vetr,
sumar.
Atreus.
That word.
Þola. It means, “endure”.
Try it.
Þola!
Þola!
Well done, lad!
Write it again.
Þola!
We’re rising!
Keep writing.
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
What is that?
Keep away from it.
The energy’s lifting the platform!
Head.
How is this possible?
My guess? Temporal magic.
Dangerous stuff the high Vanir gods used to play around with—the ability to freeze time!
Happened to be a favorite of Njörd himself, in fact.
“Used to?”
Why did they stop?
Well… turns out stopping time keeps the sun and moon from streaking across the sky.
Unfortunately, it does NOT stop the wolves that chase them—always looking to sink their teeth in.
After that, they decided it was best to leave time alone.
Oh yeah…
Sköll and Hati!
I know them!
What’s the sound? Is it counting down?
It’s counting down. What’s that mean?!
I can’t get to the bowl!
It’s clear!
Back to writing—before the floor collapses.
Look! The energy lifting us—it’s halfway empty!
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
We’re blocked again!
We’re good!
Oh, no. The energy lifting us is almost down to nothing!
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Not again!
Look! We’re almost to the top!
Þola!…
Þola!…
Þola!…
Helwights! Above!!
Father—the bowl dropped away! We’re collapsing!
JUMP!!
Whew.
You did well.
Thanks!
The boy…
Just having a little fun, you big grump.
Well there it is.
How are we going to get it free?
A push.
But—
Trust me.
The chisel tip!
Give the man credit. He has a talent for destroying things.
Remember that, Head.
Never leaves my mind…
Where are they?!
Ugh. I fucking hate Midgard.
How do we know they’re even here?
Because that hammer didn’t fall on its own.
Well… If we find them, I get the kid, right?
What is the matter with you?
I smell a Dwarf.
Find him.
Father—
Not now.
Those were the guys we saw with Baldur. His nephews?
Aye.
Magni and Modi—
the sons of Thor.
Mother always said the Aesir were the worst of the gods, and Thor was the worst of the Aesir.
Guess he’s a terrible father, too.
They are no longer children.
They have no excuse.
Will Sindri be okay?
They’ll never even see him.
Ah, the great dining hall. Envy of all Midgard.
Funny,
I remember there being a massive candelabrum.
Really livened up the place…
There.
Ah yes.
You just can’t help but break things, can you?
If memory serves, the jarl’s throne was just on the other side of that wall of ice.
I think we can get through there!
I think I see a throne on the other side.
Almost through.
I can see a path out, but there’s no way to reach it.
Look—the chisel tip’s just ahead.
I think this is Njörd’s own mark.
The god they worshipped came to dinner?
Sounds like Njörd to me. Affable fellow, formidable drinker. The Vanir always were a more
personable sort of god than the Aesir.
Shh—something ahead…
See, lad? He’s fine.
Thought it best to vanish when Thor’s idiot sons showed up.
Will you focus on your damn job and quit that shit.
Speaking of which…
You quit that shit.
I mean it!
He went to war with Uncle and walked away.
Maybe.
Uncle hasn’t seen straight in years.
Well, as long as father believes him, so do we.
So you will stop talking, focus, and help me find them.
Can’t disappoint father!
Oh, I'll smack you boy.
No, we cannot disappoint father. Now keep looking!
Come ‘ere, half-breed.
You’re done holding daddy’s hand.
The small one’s yours, Brother.
You don’t tell me what to do, Brother.
I can’t remember the last time we faced an actual challenge.
I can’t remember the last time we faced an actual challenge.
You call this a challenge? An old man and this stillborn lamb?
You call this a challenge?
An old man and this
stillborn lamb?
Unbelievable. You mean to oppose the might of Asgard?
You’ve got some father, kid.
I almost feel bad for you!
I will cripple you!
You mean to oppose us?!
Finally!
A challenge!
Fucking freaks!
Gonna break all your fingers…
Gonna have a good time with you, kid!
Enough!
’Offa me!
Back off!
URGGH!
RAWRH!
Fuck off!
Stop!
Blindr!
Ha!
Hrya!
Weak!
Too slow!
Try again!
GRAAHH!!
Sad!
Worthless!
Boring!
RRRAAAHH!!
Excellent, brother!
Yes, brother!
Very good, Modi!
Ha!
Well done, brother!
Good hit, brother!
Nice one, brother!
That’ll show ’em, Magni!
Yeah, Magni!
All right, brother!
Thank you, brother.
Ha! It was nothing.
Just like old times!
Thank you, brother.
Thank you, brother.
Not bad, eh?
Not bad, eh?
Fuck, I love doing this!
Fuck, I love doing this!
I could use a hand, brother!
I could use a hand, brother!
Modi, get over here!
Modi, get over here!
Modi!
Modi!
Brother!
Brother!
Modi, distract him!
Modi, distract him!
Brother, help me!
Brother, help me!
Magni!
Magni!
Brother!
Brother!
Magni, help me out!
Magni, help me out!
Get him off me, Magni!
Get him off me, Magni!
I’m coming, brother!
I’m coming, brother!
On my way, brother!
On my way, brother!
Hang in there, Modi!
Hang in there, Modi!
On my way, Modi!
On my way, Modi!
Modi!
I gotcha, brother!
On my way, brother!
Don’t worry, brother!
Magni!
Modi!
I gotcha, brother!
On my way, brother!
Don’t worry, brother!
Magni!
Don’t fool yourself. You’ll fuck this up too, Modi! I guarantee it.
But can you finish the job, brother?
Not bad, brother!
I’ll let father know you helped a little!
Not bad, brother!
I’ll let father know you helped.
Hurt yourself on that one, brother?
Hurt yourself on that one, brother?
Don’t overexert yourself, brother!
Magni, managing to eke out a decent strike!
Mine was better.
Mine was better.
Inferior in every way, Modi.
Try hitting him, Brother.
You’re too predictable, Modi!
And you think YOU can handle Mjölnir, brother?
If you won’t take this seriously, Modi, go back to Asgard!
If father saw that he would pummel you!
Mjölnir’s gonna be mine!
Might let you polish it though.
I think even the skinny little twerp hits harder than you, brother.
That weak shit is just gonna piss him off, Magni.
Father’s probably watching and laughing at you right now.
Are you even trying to hurt him?
Having some trouble over there?
Hahaha, he got you on that one!
Try using your brain for once, brother!
Too eager for daddy’s approval, Magni?
He’s toying with you, brother!
Keep talking, fat ass.
You know dad thinks you’re a joke, right?
As usual—
all mouth,
no spine.
As usual—all mouth, no spine.
Hard living in my shadow, brother?
Hard living in my shadow, brother?
Still waiting for you to do something.
Kiss my fat ass, Magni.
You say something, jackass?
You still here?
Thought I was by myself.
Too dumb to know when I’m winning, huh?
Jealous?
Too much for you, brother?
I’LL handle it.
You let them get the upper hand?
Pitiful.
Father would be disappointed, Modi.
A shameful display, Modi.
Modi, quit fucking around!
Modi, you idiot!
I’m disappointed, brother.
A weak showing, brother.
You losing your touch, brother?
I guess I’ll handle it.
Father would be so disappointed.
Magni, you moron!
No, don’t get up Magni. I’ll take care of them.
I don’t need him anyway!
Magni, you idiot!
Really, brother?
Didn’t realize you were so weak, brother.
Þrymja drepa!
RwAAAAHHHR!
Þrymja Svipan!
Blindr móðr!
Eldingar drepa!
Eldingar drepa!
Eldingar drepa!
Eldinga flaug!
Eldinga flaug!
The big one is mine.
I’ll take the big one.
I welcome this challenge.
You…
you’re mine.
The small one is mine.
I’ll take the small one.
The small one is mine.
I’ll take the runt.
I’ll take the small one.
I got the big freak.
I’m on the big one.
Let’s go, asshole.
I’ll take the little freak.
I got the runt.
I’ll take the little freak.
Come here, pipsqueak.
Let’s see how good you are with that bow after I break all your fingers.
Come here, pipsqueak.
C’mere ya little shit.
C’mere ya little shit.
Got big plans for you, kid.
Modi!
HRYAA!
Modi, to me!
HRYAA!
Modi, it’s time!
HRYAA!
Let’s do this!
HRYAA!
Gotcha! You little shit….
Shouldn’t have gotten so close, kid!
Can’t run now, can ya?
Hey Magni, look what I caught!
Kratos, the boy!
Hang on, lad!
Oh no! He’s got your son!
Look at you…
all weak and half-formed.
How’d you manage to crawl out of your crib?
Shut up!
Brother—the Snowblind!
Brother, let’s blind ’em!
Brother, the Stormblind!
Brother, the Snærblindr!
Brother, the Íssblindr!
Brother, the Stormblindr!
Brother, the Þrumblindr!
Right! Get ready!
ÓÐR BRÓÐIR BLINDR!
I can’t see!
Stay behind me, boy.
Why do you hunt us?
What does Odin want?
Don’t know. Don’t care.
Come ’ere, half-breed.
You’re done holding daddy’s hand.
Shut up! Don’t call me that!
Can’t believe you’ve lasted this long.
Those skinny little arms can barely lift the bow.
I said SHUT UP!
Calm yourself, boy.
C’mon! Put up a fight!
Slow, tired, and old!
Wow.
You’re pathetic.
Try again, asshole.
Behind you!
Look out!
I see them!
There they are!
Right there!
From behind!
From behind!
From behind!
Turn around!
Turn around!
Turn around!
There!
There!
There!
Here he comes!
Here he comes!
Behind you!
He’s behind ya!
What do we do?
Focus, boy! Use your ears.
They come out of nowhere!
Eyes sharp, boy!
Watch for movement.
How can we beat them?
Steady, boy!
They will reveal themselves.
Looks like they need another lesson, brother.
Oh, I’m more than happy to teach, brother.
Look at you…
weak… scrawny.
I bet daddy’s embarrassed to have to drag you around.
Shut up!
Shut it out.
Focus.
Oh, Mimir—
don’t think we’ve forgotten about you.
Leave him alone!
You jealous?
Want me all to yourself, do you?
Stupid and weak…
They make quite the pair, eh brother?
Stupid and weak…
They make quite the pair, eh brother?
Yes brother.
I'm going to enjoy crippling them.
Quite the pair.
I’m going to enjoy crippling them.
C’mere!
Gotcha!
Haha!
Boy!
Arrow!
Arrow!
Boy!
Atreus!
Boy!
Atreus!
Arrow!
Atreus!
Hahaha! Big kick for such a little lamb.
Small one’s so fierce! So ferocious!
What a powerful kick!
I almost felt that.
Whoah! Someone taught this runt how to fight.
Nice moves kid!
Pointless,
but nice.
Wasted effort, kid.
Should’ve never come out of hiding.
Should’ve never come out of hiding.
Gonna carve a trophy out of ya.
What a disappointment.
Gonna carve a trophy out of ya.
Weak and pathetic…
Your daddy must be ashamed, kid.
Mimiiiir…
I want that other eye.
Mimiiiir…
I want that other eye.
Ready, brother?
Ready, brother?
Always, brother!
Always, brother!
ÓÐR BRÓÐIR BLINDR!
ÓÐR BRÓÐIR BLINDR!
ÓÐR BRÓÐIR BLINDR!
ÓÐR BRÓÐIR BLINDR!
Your mother ugly or something?
She cut up your face so you’d look like her?
Your mother ugly or something?
She cut up your face so you’d look like her?
Don’t talk about my mother!
“Don’t talk about my mommy!” Pathetic.
“Don’t talk about my mommy!” Pathetic.
Don’t listen to him, lad. He’s trying to rile you up.
Idiots.
The Sons of Thor will destroy you.
The Sons of Thor are welcome to try!
Head!
Sorry. Overstepped, yeah?
Over here, freak.
Heads up, assholes.
Boo! Hahaha.
Heads up, assholes.
Having fun yet? Hahaha.
We’re coming for you.
Gonna drag your carcass to Asgard.
Hahahaha.
Hahahaha.
This is my favorite part.
Those skinny little arms can barely lift the bow.
I said shut up!
Calm yourself, boy.
Why do you hunt us? What does Odin want?
Don’t know.
Don’t care.
What’s the matter?
Does the little runt want his mommy?
Stop it!
Boy!
Stay focused.
What—did mommy not feed you enough?
Too ugly to let you suck on her—
SHUT UP, YOU BASTARD!!!
Atreus!
Never said I needed you in one piece.
Gonna take that axe to father.
I’m gonna take that axe to father.
I’m gonna take that axe for father.
How could you
have beaten uncle?
Cry for mommy, boy.
Face looks like chopped mutton…
Malnourished little shit.
Let’s finish this, Magni!
Time to die, freak.
ÓÐR BRÓÐIR BLINDR!
Yer mother must ‘ve been some whore to lay with him.
I’ll KILL you!
ATREUS! Control yourself!
You should have died with the rest of your kind.
You should have died with the rest of your kind.
You would be wise to walk away now.
Hahaha… Funny thing that.
Wisdom…
not one of my strong points.
Wow, kid…
your mother must have been some whore to lay with the likes of him.
I’ll KILL you!
ATREUS! Control yourself!
(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)
We should keep an eye on him.
Enough?
Should do.
With that, we can carve the travel rune to Jötunheim—get you where you need to go.
Incidentally, all those magically-sealed doors we’ve seen can now be unlocked…
like that one around the corner.
You can get through that door there, now that you got the chisel.
You…killed Magni.
That he did.
He was a god… but you killed him.
Minor Aesir, perhaps, but aye…
And his father is Thor…
Not Minor.
Not Minor at all, him.
This will not go over well in Asgard.
I defended us. Nothing more.
I fear no judgment.
Judgment, no,
but if vengeance is any concern…
Since when can you kill a god…? (coughs)
(coughing)
I don’t think the lad’s doing too well.
I’m fine…
Nothing to worry about.
If so,
then keep up.
Yes sir.
Door…
… Another chisel door.
… Another chisel door.
Brother…
I know.
Wait, we were here before. But which way back?
Hey…
I just realized…
Magni didn’t come back to life.
That is interesting.
It’s known the Aesir find their own way to Valhalla.
No Valkyrie escort, no processing at the gates of Helheim.
That may be significant…
Behind you, brother.
Look—we’re back near the giant’s hand.
Look—we’re back near the Giant’s hand.
What…
… what is this place?
… what is this place?
Fishermen would bring the day’s catch into this port and use that contraption to send some of it
directly to the jarl’s main kitchen.
The rest were sorted and sold.
There is an exit under the thumb.
Find a way across.
It’s moving.
(coughs)
Maybe we… can reach it.
There is an opening.
I can get it.
Oh no…
It’s moving back.
It’s moving back.
I think that did it.
There’s a rope up here. (coughs)
There’s a path to the exit… on the other side.
Back under his palm.
We’re almost there.
Everything we just did…
climbed around a dead giant,
rode a giant falling hammer,
fought some bad gods. What do you think mother would say?
That you have come a long way.
Thanks.
What now then?
Maybe Freya ought to have a look at the boy.
Unnecessary.
Yeah, I feel better now.
I just needed to catch my breath. Honestly.
So what’s next?
Okay, well…
now that we have the magic of the chisel, we can write the secret travel rune to Jötunheim.
Except…
we don’t know it.
What? Didn’t you ask the World Serpent?
I did!
But he didn’t know it either.
He did, however, tell me the one person the Giants did entrust with that secret.
And that person was none other than Týr.
Isn’t Týr dead?
Long gone, it’s true.
But his hidden vault—where he kept his most prized possessions and secrets—
still exists, undisturbed and hidden underwater for a hundred and forty-odd winters.
His temple?
That’s right, lad.
He secretly built his vault underneath the realm travel temple.
Somewhere inside, we’ll find the Black Rune, and we’ll get you to Jötunheim.
We could also explore some more.
We got that chisel now,
and that vault isn’t going anywhere.
Seems a shame to waste this boat...
We shall see, boy.
Hidden inside that tablet is a mystical rune that creates the magical seal keeping that door locked.
Use our chisel to find the binding points of the hidden rune so we can dispel it.
Hover the chisel over the face of the tablet.
When you’ve found the hidden rune, you’ll feel something.
Trouble finding it?
Keep trying then.
You’ll feel a mystical pulse when the hidden rune senses the chisel over it.
You found it. Now dispel it!
That’s it, brother! Dispel it!
Aaaaand you’ve lost it.
Try again, brother.
You almost had it.
Keep looking…
Now the mystical rune’s been dispelled and the seal broken.
You just used the magic of the Giants!
Thor killed him.
Oh, no…
he fell on a village?
Aye.
When Thamur fell, he crushed a charming place famed for worshipping the Vanir god, Njörd.
Thor always took credit for planning that one, but
the truth is the sweaty bawbag just got lucky.
Who’s activated the bridge?
Hey! I asked you a question—
Too late,
it’s locked in.
And when the bridge opens, the full weight of Asgard will come crashing down on you.
It’s over.
Let go of it now or I will kill him. You know I will.
What did you do…?
Is it?
So be it.
NO! Listen to me!
BOY!!
BALDUR!
Let me help!
Can you make it?
We have work to do.
Is it a weapon?
Armor? Or likewise an instrument of war of which I’m a master at shapin’?
No?
Then forget it.
Even if I wanted to make such an insignificant gewgaw,
I’m liable to chink my tools working something so delicate and ladylike.
Okay, smart guy.
And where d’ya propose to find a lump of quality skap slag?
Last time I saw one, I could still get rigid down south.
Shut your mouth. Is that…? Where did you…?
(laughter) Well, don’t just stand there—let’s do this!
Ah hell… why not?
What? I can grow too…
YOU keep your wrist loose. I need more heat here!
I don’t need to—I triple-quenched it with Draugr oil. See?
No, its not!
Nope! Don’t forget this!
Oh, quit yer grinning. It’s downright unsettlin’ hrmm.
Yeah, price of uh.. reforging something what broke.
Oh, cut it out, princess. You’re gonna get me all weepy.
Ohhhh…
Then shingle it.
Pattern weld the item with skap slag. Keep the layers thin, alternate the overlay.
I had to get my hands dirty. (gags)
What? You? You’re fine with working on something that’s not a weapon?
Oh, watch the spine.
Keep your wrist loose.
Coming up.
You going to temper that steel longer?
Oh, how inventive. And sanitary!
You clever little beaver! Never too late to learn a new trick, is it?
Here it is!
I like the new one better, don’t you?
It’s just nice to see you together.
But…
now the rune on your brand looks different.
I knew it.
You two love each other.
Boy,
your knife.
Some sort of travel stone.
You know it?
He held this.
In the panel in Odin’s library.
The Realm Between Realms…
Dreifa.
Well? What’ve we got?
Let me see…
Great Auðumbla’s udders—
that’s the Unity Stone!
I wasn’t sure it existed!
If Týr possessed this,
that explains how he could visit all the realms, and other lands, to boot.
Yes…
Yes! That’s it—I understand now.
It shows Týr walking the Realm Between Realms.
You know how you must never stray from the path?
Well,
Týr always followed his own path, if you catch my meaning.
Thooooor stuh-tooooo… eeeee-kneeeee smooooo-thooooo thooooor-fah.
Ohhhh.
Uhh, he thinks it might still be in his stomach.
Um… and he’s open to letting you row into his mouth to look inside.
By the by, he’s not wild about it either.
Skeeeeel-yaaaaah. Pvooooo-meeeee-thooooor…
Is the statue lost to us?
Mmmh…
Ew,
really?
There it is! We’ve got it!
Ha! I guess the Temple was made to be flipped.
Look, the tree’s upside down!
Or… are we?
I’m not sure anymore.
Rather looks… exactly as it did before.
So you’re saying Týr’s shrine was showing him stepping off the branch of the world tree.
And you’re thinking, to reach the secret path to Jötunheim, that’s what we need to do?
I am.
Oh, dear.
That is what you’re thinking, isn’t it?
Good.
I am more than okay with not throwing ourselves over the edge of the World Tree just yet.
In due time, boy.
Uh…
really?
Uh…
really?
You will LISTEN to me and not speak a word.
I am your father—and you, boy, are not yourself.
You are too quick to temper. You are rash, insubordinate, and out of control.
This will not stand.
You will honor your mother and abandon this path you have chosen.
It is not too late…
This discussion is far from over.
We are here because of you, boy.
Never forget that.
No…no, I would never have wanted this!
You… you had no right.
You had no RIGHT, Witch!!
I can’t taste. I can’t smell. I can’t even feel the temperature of this… this room.
Feasting… drinking… women. It’s all gone. Gone!
Than never feel again? Yes. YES! I would rather die.
Take it away, mother. Please… please, please, take it away.
Oh please…(crying)
No…
I won’t.
You ruined my life.
NO!
No, not if you can’t fix it, Mother.
Come on.
COME ON!
I never want to see you again.
Never.
I had every right. I am your mother.
But you will never have to feel pain again.
Death has no power over you now. You would rather die?
… I can’t.
It doesn’t work like that, Son.
Trust me in time you will thank me.
You will thank me.
Honey, we can figure this out. I promise, trust me, I know how —
Son—
Son—
(crying)
Yes.
C’mon.
Yes.
C’mon,
c’mon.
Do it. DO IT!
Do it.
Coward!
What you did to me…
WHAT YOU DID TO ME!! (screams and yells)
(crying) I’m a coward… I’m a… I’m a coward. I’m a worth.. worthless coward (continued crying)
(crying) I’m a coward… I’m a, I’m a worth, worthless coward…(continued crying)
Atreus.
Together now.
I can help?
We did it. We’re free.
Look at that! It’s the missing panel, about Týr.
Odin must have stolen it. But why?
Why? What does it mean?
What are those runes in the corners?
How do you…?
Oh.
What is that!?
He always has his reasons. Might I have a look?
Well… this is most unexpected.
I haven’t the foggiest. Isn’t that unexpected?
Look, clearly that’s Týr… travelling, somehow, perhaps magically.
But what’s that to do with the Giants, that they should devote a shrine to it?
I’m afraid that is none too clear.
Not runes. Symbols… from different lands. They mean—
Aye.
No doubt signifying the gift of sight the Giants granted us…
Give me a closer look.
Interesting…
Very interesting.
Secret plans, concealed by Týr so none could access but him… and those few others the Giants trusted.
And right under Odin’s nose—ha-ha! I did promise I’d get you to Jötunheim…
Don’t you see, brother? Odin never gave up hope, and neither should we.
He knew there was a clue in here, but we’re the ones who found it.
These plans are for a key to some chamber Týr’s kept hidden.
I don’t know where it’s leading us or what we’ll find… but it’s a path.
I suggest we ask a Dwarf.
Head…
War.
This one I know too well.
His eyes.
They are jewels.
Like yours.
What do you mean, Head?
You said we were out of options.
How do we make this key?
Boy…
Before…
what you…
saw…
You did not see me with someone?
An old man?
Yes…
very well.
I didn’t see anything.
What old man?
Can we go?
It is time, my son.
Look around at what you have done.
Come on. We gotta go.
There’s no time! LOOK!
I have a plan!
JUMP!!
You saw...
That was your plan? You’re both cracked!
It was me…
That wasn’t me.
I couldn’t have done that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But we’re gods.
We can do whatever we want.
Turn away, boy.
Do not dwell on those thoughts.
Not here.
We must keep moving.
Hehehehe…
that’s what I said… to your mother…
right before I gave it to her.
BOY?
I’m here…
Stay still.
Are you gonna help me?!
Hellooooo!
Nngh. I’m stuck! C’mon!
Not just Hel…
worst place in Hel you could’ve put us.
Wow, it’s cold. This is Hel?
I can’t believe we’re back in Hel.
I see a ship.
Get us there.
It only takes us halfway to Týr’s Temple
but at least it gets us far from here.
For a thousand mortal lifetimes, the Bridge Keeper kept the living out of this place.
But now that you’ve ripped his heart out, here we are.
Funny how it all comes around.
Warm.
Isn’t that the substance that catches fire?
He should pay for what he said about mother.
Boy?
That… wasn’t me.
Head.
What was that?
Not just the old and sick come to Helheim… so do the criminals.
Hel must not draw a distinction between us and those whom these visions are meant to torture.
How do we stop it?
Escape Hel.
As soon as possible.
I’m not gonna let it bother me. Like you said, Mimir—it was just an illusion. That wasn’t me.
No.
But it is who you have become of late.
Look,
I know I got us into this.
But I’ll get us out
...whoever I am.
I will get us out. You will follow orders.
But maybe that’s not who I am.
It had better be. Now let me focus.
I don’t mean to hurry you, but… faster?
Let me think.
So…
I can’t feel my fingers.
Maybe both wind traps need to be filled?
Those gears up there… could we jam a door open maybe?
Keep moving.
Wait,
I think I see Baldur up ahead…
Stay out of sight.
Listen…
Freya is his mother…
and she kept this from us.
But did we ever even tell Freya that he was hunting us?
They haven’t spoken in years; I can’t imagine those two are conspiring.
It can wait.
There is the ship.
Freya is his mother.
How did that escape your stories, Head?
Freya is his mother.
Why did you keep this from us, Head?
Would you believe it slipped m’mind?
I would not.
I’m at a loss.
I assure you I’ve no reason to keep such a thing a secret.
There’s the boat.
We will speak more of this.
Soon.
Such chaos.
I will have much to do after I kill you.
Who was that?
We must hurry.
Er…
not entirely sure this is seaworthy.
She will do.
In that case, we need to sail this boat as far away from here as possible.
Can this thing even sail covered in all this bramble?
Mimir?
How’s the fire staying lit?
Would you believe “magic”?
Or those blades…
Now what?
Give me space to work.
Locked, huh?
Let me help.
What can I do?
You have done enough.
The sails are intact!
We’re moving!
Great. Just bear in mind—this boat can only take us part of the way.
Týr’s Temple is near the top of a tremendous waterfall which, sadly, we are downstream.
That means even if we get there intact,
we’d still need to sail UP a waterfall somehow.
The Vanir built the greatest ship that ever was and it can fly.
Skíðblaðnir?
Yeh…
because it was designed to fly. This was not.
Nevertheless, this is the boat we have.
We make due.
There.
We raise sail.
There should be a crank aft.
Here.
Locked.
We must free the rigging.
To the other side.
That latch joins the rigging to the deck.
Oh…
I see.
The sails are intact.
Owp! We’re stuck.
On perhaps the biggest iceberg I’ve ever seen.
On perhaps the biggest iceberg I’ve ever seen.
We are now officially sunk.
The whole front of the boat’s blocked!
The bow of the boat.
At least the fire’s making heat.
What now?
I’m trying not to be impatient…
Let your father think.
You’re chopping it…?
Give your father room.
So now the sails are loose…?
Just watch.
You cut the sails loose.
So now what?
You’re pulling the sails down?
But how they gonna catch the wind?
It worked, we’re moving!
Good, back to the latch.
I’m fairly certain you’re damaging our only mode of transport.
There.
That’s helpful.
You are a very negative head.
Now back to the crank.
You wanted to show us something back at the crank?
You’re encouraging him…
You’re pulling the sails down? But how are they going to catch the wind?
We’re floating! The heat from the fires! We’re actually floating!
Aaaaand we’re stuck again.
Not for long. Stay with the boat.
I can’t believe it. You just made a huge sky lantern.
Our ship’s lodged on this bridge.
Sure I can’t help?
I said stay on the boat.
Staying on the boat…
The ship’s stuck on this bridge over here!
The ship’s stuck on this bridge over here!
That did it. We’re loose!
Wait for me there!
Look! Now we’re stuck on this bridge!
We need to talk, brother.
You do realize it’s over, don’t you?
Even if we make it back to Midgard, you and Baldur destroyed the only gate to Jötunheim.
We are out of options. And that boy up there… he’s in nine kinds of pain.
His head’s turned so far around, he—
Atreus is not your concern.
Well,
he might become everyone’s concern if you don’t do something.
You don’t have to be the smartest man in the world to see that.
We are going to get out of here.
Face me, father.
It is time to end this.
Yes, my son.
It is time.
No…
It’s that voice again. Do you know who that is?
Head, how long before we reach the temple?
Yeah, it’s freezing!
As long as we maintain this speed and those fires don’t go out, we should be there in no time, lad.
How’d you even think to do this, Father?
I… do not know.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Now stay close to the fire and
rest.
Sir.
What is it brother?
We must hurry.
So, uh…
Mimir,
how long will it take to get there?
As long as we maintain this speed, and those fires don’t go out, we should be there in no time, lad.
How’d you even think to do this, Father?
I… do not know.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Now stay close to the fire and
rest.
Sir.
They’re trying to put out the fire! Right-hand side! I mean—starboard!
They’re trying to put out the fire! Left-hand side! I mean—portside!
They’re putting out the fire! Starboard!
They’re dousing the fire! Starboard!
They’re putting out the fire! Portside!
They’re snuffing out the fire! Portside!
The fire’s out! Starboard!
The fire’s out! Portside!
Hurry! We’re going to flip over!
We’re sinking!!
We’re falling!!
Iceberg! Portside!
Hold on!
Iceberg! Starboard!
Ice knives! Portside!
Ice knives!
Starboard!
Look out! Starboard! More ice!
Look out! Portside! More ice!
Something stopped us! Portside!
Something stopped us! Starboard!
Harpoon!
I will free us!
Brother, the harpoon’s keeping us anchored in place! Free us!
We’re free!
We’re going to hit that bridge!!
We’re almost back! Look! Straight ahead. I see it!
We’re stopped again!
Another harpoon!
More harpoons!
We’re pitching!
Brother, the bow of the boat’s been harpooned!
Father, don’t step out onto the bow! It’ll break off!
But we need to lose that harpoon!
Guess we didn’t need that part of the boat!
Uh…
we’re on fire.
The boat is on fire.
Stay calm.
I’m not panicking. Just saying the boat is on fire.
Look there! The temple! We made it!
Wait. We’re going too fast. We’re going to fly past it!
We are leaving this realm.
NOW.
As long as we didn’t wreck our way back…
What is this place?
This is Odin’s. I’d recognize his atrocious taste anywhere.
Look at all this…
The amount of arcane knowledge hidden between these walls—
It’s so much bigger than his other libraries!
I would rather not be here when Odin returns. Come.
I think this is where Odin brought all his best clues about Jötunheim!
I think I know just the door that key goes to.
Down by the water,
remember?
That symbol on the temple door…
it’s a bunch of runes together.
Peace.
Unity.
Hope,
other things too.
Týr’s own design. He made this door himself.
That’s your answer to everything.
Alright, let’s get back to Midgard and see about making that key.
Where’s that Dwarf?
Now, Head—
why did you not tell us Baldur is the son of Freya?
Now, Head—
why did you not tell us Baldur is the son of Freya?
Now, Head—
why did you not tell us Baldur is the son of Freya?
He IS!
It’s shocking every time I hear it and yet obviously I know it.
But when I think about Baldur and Freya, I…
Mimir?
Yes, lad?
(chuckle) Freya.
(chuckle) Freya.
How’s that, brother?
Head,
tell me Baldur’s vulnerability.
Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
Wait, what is happening?
He is bewitched not to speak of what he knows.
I am? I AM! That’s it precisely. Ooh… I wonder how long that’s been so—
since she had m’head at her mercy, or back when I figured out Baldur’s weakness.
Mimir!
Yes, lad?
You just said you figured out Baldur’s weakness!
Did I?
But Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
AUGH!
Enough.
This means there is a way.
If he troubles us again,
we will find it.
Wait, what’re you doing up there? The ship’s stuck on this bridge down here!
Hey, guys. Question for you—anyone know where we can find Mimir’s other eye?
What was the statue?
How are we supposed to look inside the snake?
Oh.
That’s…
I’m sorry.
As a matter of fact, Odin asked me to…
he wanted me to build a…
he showed it to me, you see, and I…
declined.
Sorry,
will you excuse me?
Sorry about that.
Feeling much better.
Inside?! OH, no…
Well, that was useless.
We’d better go see what the World Serpent has to say about that.
You know…
it was about that same time that Odin came around lookin’ for me to build a statue with some sort of hidden compartment.
Now, that not being a weapon and the Aesir being a bunch of pock-speckled cockers, I too saw fit to decline.
But I know he got it built just the same.
Eh, it’s that one of Thor out there flashin’ his sac to the lake.
The statue that the serpent ate.
Look,
we’re back in Midgard!
There’s the bridge!
We did it—
the tower’s back where it belongs!
Just when I thought I’d seen it all.
Just when I thought I’d seen it all.
Now to the Realm Travel Room and then to Jötunheim.
Now Týr’s Travel Room can take us to Jötunheim.
And look—
now we can finally light all the braziers and see what happens!
How did Týr do this?
Odin suspected the Giants secretly possessed some remnant of primordial Jötnar creative essence—
the stuff all realms were made of.
The Unity stone must have been fashioned from that essence.
To trust an outsider with it, even Týr,
tells you just how desperate they were.
You take a wrong turn, brother?
Realm Travel Room’s back up top.
We might have last minute stuff we wanna do before we leave.
Who knows how long we’ll be gone.
Fair enough!
I don’t know what we’ll find when we get to Jötunheim, but we must cover our tracks.
Odin’s ravens will tell him of the tower’s restoration,
and we mustn’t let our efforts be to his benefit.
Very well.
This is it. Here we go!
Hold on, wait a minute… this isn’t going to work.
What?
There’s no travel crystal.
Týr must have used his own eyes to refract the energy. It was his final failsafe.
But you’ve got eyes like him, Mimir.
I’ve got AN eye—one!
Odin plucked out my other eye precisely to keep me from travelling.
Sorry, lads.
Thought that would work…
What did Odin do with your other eye?
He’d have kept it…
in any of a hundred places, I’m afraid.
We’ve come so far. There has to be a way.
Look…
bit of a long shot,
but for years I’d see Sindri, sometimes Brok,
lurking around on that mountain when Odin came for his visits.
Maybe they know something?
Brok and Sindri!
We gotta remember to ask Sindri and Brok about your eye next time we see them.
If they even know anything about it…
Hey, guys. Question for you—anyone know where we can find Mimir’s other eye?
Oh.
Ohhh….
No, no, no. That’
s… I’
m
sorry. As
a
matter
of fact, Odin asked me to… he wanted me to build a… he showed it to me, you see, and I… declined. If you’ll pardon me…
Well, that was useless.
You know… it was about that same time that Odin came around lookin’ for me to build a statue with
some sort hidden compartment.
Now that not being a weapon and the Aesir being a bunch of pock-speckled cockers. I too saw fit to
decline.
But I know he got it built just the same.
What was the statue?
It’s that one of Thor, out there flashin’ his sac to the lake.
The statue that the serpent ate.
Sorry about that.
Feeling much better.
How are we supposed to look inside the snake?
OH,
no…
We’d better go see what Jörmungandr has to say about that.
We’d better go see what the World Serpent has to say about that.
Well, lads, I don’t know what lies ahead,
but now would be a good time to make sure your gear is ready for the worst.
Anything you need to do, I’d do it now.
Just some sage advice…
Once more to the horn…
(practicing vocal warm-ups)
Ready!
So… are we really doing this?
Letting the serpent… swallow us?
You do not have to come.
Well, I’m not gonna MISS this…
I absolutely support this decision to put off getting eaten by the World Serpent.
I am more than okay rowing away from the giant snake’s mouth…
You… sure this is a good idea?
No.
Well, brothers… I’ve been to many strange places… but this will be a new one.
Heh… yeah, I’ve never been in a Giant’s belly either. How about you, father?
Never one that was not trying to eat me.
We really should expect that sort of response at this point.
Here we go…
We’re inside! But… what is this place?
Your guess is as good as mine, little brother.
Should I shoot it?
The tree! We’re underneath the Realm Travel Room! But… why is the floor on the ceiling?
Those realm doors seem to mirror the ones above…
Keep looking.
There must be more.
Up there.
Týr used the same magic to protect the Black Rune.
The clue we seek may be inside.
Hunh—right next to the Jötunheim door!
Interesting…
but can we reach it?
Not from here.
Well!
One inner sanctum within another…
Those tapestries…
looks like more Giant art…
Whatever Týr did for them must have been big.
Whoa. Who are they?
And look—another sand bowl.
Ready?
Go on, read.
“Before the first, after the last / Nothing between, no shadow cast”
Hm… Ominous.
Boy—on the statues.
I see them…
it says “Void.”
Boy—on the statues.
I see them…
it says “Void.”
Ah—
I was going to say “void”…
Go on, read.
“Before the first, after the last / Nothing between, no shadow cast”
Hm… Ominous.
Now write.
Auðr…
Now write.
Auðr…
Oh! What’s behind there?
Hm…
Boy…
this is the rune for Jötunheim?
That’s right…
and look—
… we’re on the other side of the door.
The upside-down door…
What are you thinking?
Stand back.
Ooo-kay.
It’s moving!
What’s moving?
Everything!
RAAAAAA!
Look at that… the whole Realm Travel Room is built on some kind of axle.
There’s chains!
Extraordinary.
The whole room is built on some kind of axle.
There’s chains on both sides. Without those...
… we can flip the temple.
All right!
Do what now?
Uh-oh…
things are happening…!
Okay…
I don’t think they’re attacking.
RAAAAAA!
If you mean to break those chains, I’m afraid you’ll need to go see to it personally.
Those chains are not apt to break themselves.
No progress on the chains front as yet, seemingly.
Oh! Did you know that would spin?
I think I could hit that crystal…
Look! The light’s making symbols on the floor. But… something’s not right.
Something’s shifting. Keep it going….
Ah!
It’s the nine realms!
Always about Unity with Týr.
Hey, what’d you find?
I… think it’s done all it’s gonna do.
How does it help us, to flip the temple?
At this point…
how does it hurt?
Boy…
Look…
I just want to see the temple flip.
Don’t you? C’mon… have a little faith.
Are you quite sure flipping the temple is the only way to reach the whatever-it-is?
You said there would be a path.
The temple can be flipped.
Therefore… we flip the temple. The logic is unassailable…
Hm… not sure what happens when we recklessly upend a room that’s rooted to eight other realms.
I’m curious, of course… but it’s a leap to imagine it gets us to Jötunheim.
I don’t mind a leap.
Well… who knows—perhaps you and Týr are the same kind of mad.
Hey, look at that!
It’s like an army…
of statues?
Týr did say that in the world of peace he envisioned,
the only soldiers he’d need would be statues.
There… where the chains meet. We must find a way around.
An army… of statues?
An army…
of statues?
I don’t think they’re the kind that come to life, if that’s what you’re worried about.
Týr often said in the world of peace he envisioned, the only soldiers he’d need would be statues.
Bless his heart, but the bugger did take himself rather seriously, didn’t he?
Again with the death traps!
See you on the other side.
I had a thought, brother… why don’t you let the lad carry me for a while?
And let you miss this?
No.
You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?
Hmm.
The chain! We made it!
Time to do what you do, brother.
“Until gods grow good”
Could be quite a wait.
Nah—
they’re just waiting for us.
“Leave them in Peace”
Obviously not referring to us…
Look out!
Come. The other chain waits.
RAAAAAA!
Going to have to break both chains, I’m afraid.
Obviously.
RAAAAAA!
I’m fairly sure it’s on the side you didn’t go before.
Head…
RAAAAAA!
I’m biting my tongue.
Ah, it’s the other kind. Variety is so important.
Gettin’ pretty good at crawling into holes,
anyway…
I truly do hate this part…
I know.
I can’t believe we’re so close!
I, for one, never doubted.
Right.
Boy?
Yes sir?
Time to flip the temple.
Yes SIR!
Let’s just agree to stop saying “flip the temple”—
it’s starting to sound normal.
Brothers… I know what I promised, but in case this doesn’t work, just remember—Týr had good cause to create these obstacles.
He’s kept Jötunheim out of Odin’s reach, but the world is hardly at peace.
No… but it’s got hope. We’re all working together now… we have unity.
That’s what the rune on the  door to this place was telling us. We’re on Týr’s path.
Lift with your legs, brother.
He knows.
He knows.
Just trying to be helpful.
RAAAAAA!
Bloody outstanding!
On the day that brute force is the answer, I’ll be quite happy to be on your side, brother.
And we’re not dead—that’s a plus.
There—on the left…
I think we can climb back up to the Realm Travel Room from there!
Oh! He’s right, you know—I see it too.
A place to climb up, back where you did the flipping.
Mm… a climb, you say?
Aye, by the statues.
See that, Mimir? Nobody could do all this alone. All these obstacles…
they’re just chances to prove we’re the ones who can beat them. We may argue… me and father, you and Freya, Brok and Sindri…
but when we all work together, we DO make a good team… and that’s Týr’s test.
That’s why we’re gonna make it to Jötunheim.
Do you hear that, brother? Lad’s found his equilibrium.
What’s that mean?
He means you speak wisely, Atreus.
And that is good to hear.
Boy.
The head…
get ready.
Now, boy!
We must be close.
We will see.
True.
But if someone were to find you—
Watch the head ’til we return.
Ready?
Come.
Oh, right.
Got him.
Let’s hope this doesn’t cause you to explode or anything.
Nah. I’m sure you’ll be fine.
Ready!
Look.
Well… what are we waiting for? You think it’s far?
Oh. Hadn’t considered that. Maybe we should talk about this a bit more.
Ooh—that’s unpleasant!
A word, please, before we continue…
Listen the last thing you two need up there’s a decomposing head ruining the moment.
Why don’t I wait for you here.
This is between you and the boy.
Oh-no, no, no, no, no, no.
Fine, damn it, FINE.
By Lady Sif’s soft, perfect sloshers!
You done did it!
Okay?
Sorry.
We had to see this.
I can do this.
No… No, I can’t.
Here we go! I can’t believe we’re gonna see the Giants.
Well, if things work according to plan… (clears throat)
Brother, the way to Jötunheim’s back in the Realm Travel Room.
We do not know what resistance we will face when we return.
Best to conclude our outstanding business now.
Reasonable enough…
Go ahead and lock in Jötunheim and we’ll be on our way.
Probably.
Boy, do I have plans for you.
Do hurry back! Please?!
Don’t flatter yourself, goat-boy.
Why did Baldur say we cost him?
Odin must have convinced him that following you to Jötunheim would bring his cure. Lies, I’m sure.
Why did Mistletoe break the spell?
Vanir magic is powerful, but its rules are slippery and elusive.
I’m sure it makes sense if you’re a witch.
Oh, but it’s all so bloody tragic… Baldur was the greatest gift Odin granted Freya;
the one thing she treasured from their marriage. She only hoped to spare him pain, and spare herself loss—
but such impulses can lead good parents to make terribly stupid decisions.
Funny… I used to dream about getting eaten.
Dreams are nothing to f—
I’m not afraid. It just reminded me of a way I used to feel. When I was a child.
Let’s find that statue.
Ouch… the water kind of burns in here. That is water, isn’t it?
Aye… most of it...
Huh. Smell’s not as bad as I thought it’d be. A bit like heather ale fermenting.
Rather pleasant, actually.
You’re so weird.
There—the hammer.
Mimir… any idea where Odin hid your eye?
No.
It’s not like I can still see through it.
Maybe if that was closer….
Not gonna make that…
We’re not reaching that platform…
Mm… didn’t say where we could reach it…
Freeze it there and we’re good!
Why…?
I don’t think that ever got close enough.
But I feel like it could.
Forget something?
Something inside…
Yep. That’s an eye.
Gently now, gently…
Maybe you should stick that in my head for safe keeping.
Thank you, brother.
You don’t miss depth until it’s gone.
How’s it feel, Mimir?
Well, I wouldn’t say I’m feeling whole again, but it’s a right improvement.
The Bifröst is intact?
It’ll serve.
Then we have all we need.
Finally, we’re going to Jötunheim. There’s no stopping us now.
Laddy, have you ever heard the term “tempting fate”..?
Fate is another lie told by the gods.
… told by the gods, yes, of course.
You really are your father’s son, you know.
… told by the gods, yes, of course. You really are your father’s son, you know.
So how do we get back out?
We signal the—
What’s going on?!
Hold on.
Well that was mildly terrifying. Maybe our presence is upsetting Jörmungandr’s belly?
No.
Something is wrong.
What’s happening to him?!
Nothing good!
Glad that’s over.
Is he getting hit? What is that?
We must hurry.
Couldn’t agree more, brother.
Hold tight and watch your balance!
The boat’s shifting! I’m gonna—
I have you!
Boy?
BOY!
No.
Something else...
The dead Giant...
why would the serpent leave us here?
Until we know for certain... keep your distance.
You are far from home.
You do not know where he is then?
This path you walk… vengeance. You will find no peace. I know.
Pffah—! I’m good...
Think I’m getting kind of used to this.
What happened to him? Something we did?
Look.
Freya. We can still trust her... right?
We hoped you would know.
When'd you see him last?
There!
The World Serpent...
what's happened here?
I’m looking for my son.
The two of you...
you helped me see things more clearly.
No.
But the woods and fields speak his name.
I know he walks here in Midgard.
Long ago...
before you were even born.
Why are you standing so far from me?
What's wrong?
Something’s happened…
My boy...
I’m here.
Don’t run away.
I know that you’re still angry.
I know that how you feel hasn’t changed, but I want you to—
No! Back off, Kratos. This has nothing to do—
I had a feeling that hurting the big snake would bring the two of you out in the open.
Do you have any idea, any idea at all,
what you have cost me?
Mother?
Oh, I’m not going anywhere, mother.
How I feel?
How I feel?!
I've spent the last one hundred years dreaming of this moment.
I’ve rehearsed everything I ever wanted to say to you, every word,
to make you understand exactly what you stole from me.
But now I realize... I don’t need you to understand anything.
I don’t need you at all.
You… I’ll deal with you later. But family first.
This again.
You might want to turn away, boy.
This won’t be pretty.
Fine.
What is this?
I can feel this...
I can feel everything!
No! Mother!
I won’t let you hurt him.
Not… my blood…
He’s— vulnerable now?
No, boy...
STOP!!!
NO!!
No...
Atreus…
you’re bleeding.
Breathe, boy…
Breathe!
NO!!
YOU WILL NOT DO THIS!!!
Come on…
do it.
Just can’t help yourself,
can you mother?
No matter what
what I do or say,
you won’t
you won’t stop interfering in my life.
No.
No.
We can’t.
Because I will never forgive you.
You still need to pay for the lifetime that you stole from me.
I know.
Why… why do you even care? You
You could have… walked away.
Snow…
Stop… please…
I don’t need your protection.
I was just trying to protect you.
I was…
I’ve made mistakes,
I know…
but you’re free now.
You have what you want.
Try to find forgiveness, we can build something new.
I have paid…
I have paid.
But if that alone will make you whole…
if seeing me dead will make things right…
I won’t stop you.
I love you…
No, no, no, no. no. no… My boy… my dear, sweet, boy…
I will rain down every agony,
every violation imaginable, upon you.
I will parade your cold body
from every corner
of every realm,
and feed your soul to the vilest filth in Hel.
That is my promise.
He robbed me of everything!
everything!
You are just an animal…
passing on your cruelty and rage. You will never change.
I know enough.
Does he?
He’s beaten, father…
not a threat.
What? No! Father…
You will not come for us again.
You will not touch her.
The cycle ends here.
We must be better than this.
Freya…
He chose this.
Then you do not know me.
Boy,
listen close:
I am from a land called Sparta.
I made a deal with a god that cost me my soul.
I killed many who were deserving…
and many who were not.
I killed my father.
No.
We will be the gods we choose to be,
not those who have been.
Who I was is not who you will be.
We must be better.
In her eyes, yes. But she could never make that choice.
We should finish this journey while I still have strength.
He saved your life!
That was your father in Hel…
Is this what it is to be a god?
Is this how it always ends?
Sons killing their mothers…
their fathers?
Well…
guess we’re the bad guys now.
Look! I have an idea!
Mooooog-taaaaaaay-oooooom!
Boy?
Well done, boy!
Frjósa!
You have to go—please!
Fine. But I won’t go far.
I can reach him!
No! I can reach him!
You have to stop fighting!
What’s going on?!? Is Freya trying to kill us?
No.
Do you hear the wind?
We are moving.
That arrow…
Baldur punched…
the mistletoe…?
In the quiver’s strap, yes.
Mistletoe harmed him?
In the quiver’s strap, yes.
Mistletoe harmed him?
Freya said it was wicked…
He’s more than harmed—the spell is broken!
He can be killed?
I’m certain of it.
It’s all coming back now…
NOW he remembers!
Look, there she is!
She’s controlling that thing??
Stay out of it! I can reason with him.
No, woman!
You cannot.
He means to kill you!
Stay out of it! I can reason with him.
You can’t stop me.
NO ONE CAN.
Where is he?
I don’t care if he kills me. I WILL protect him.
I WILL NOT LET HIM DIE!
How touching…
Don’t do this, Kratos…
Ha!
You truly are deluded, Mother.
This is not your fight!
She’s got a point, Kratos.
Too late to walk away now, though…
Go with your son, and leave me with mine!
You know, I just don’t see this happening.
I suppose
I should thank you two.
I will bury you both,
but know that I am grateful.
Are you getting nervous?
Scared?
This will all be over soon.
There!
Baldur…
Son—stop!
Please!
We can fix this!
Baldur… Son—stop! Please! We can fix this!
Yes—with your blood!
Why do you two care about this?
Get out of my way!
No.
I don’t need your help, I can protect myself!
I don’t need your help, I can protect myself!
I don’t need your help, I can protect myself!
Like you protected me?!
You selfish WITCH!!!
Son… please.
Just LISTEN to me!
I’d rather be dead!
This doesn’t concern you two!
I am so SICK of your constant meddling!
This is all YOUR doing, mother!
You won’t stop me!
Get out of my way!
Leave. Me. ALONE!
Son…
please.
Just LISTEN to me!
Son…
please.
Just LISTEN to me!
Just LISTEN to me!
I’m trying to help you!
Please! Just LISTEN to me!
I’m trying to help you!
Don’t do this!
Don’t do this!
I am your Mother! I deserve to be heard!
Baldur… son! You must stop!
I am your Mother! I deserve to be heard!
Atreus! Stop shooting!
Kratos! He is my child! Stop!
FREYA
We can fix this! Just stop fighting!
Rót!
You and your magic…
I hate you!
Rót!
Rót!
Rót!
Listen to me, both of you! I won’t hurt you, but you must stop this.
Listen to me, both of you! I won’t hurt you, but you must stop this.
Father!
Freya, stop it!
No!
Ahhh…
MOTHER!
You think this will hold me?!
Errghh…
ENOUGH!
Too bad for you.
Annoying, isn’t she?
Don’t worry;
she’s next.
That’s what you get for meddling.
Too slow, Mother!
Enough, Mother !
That’s not going to work!
Ineffective!
Stop fighting! This won’t solve anything!
Stop fighting!
This won’t solve anything!
Both of you! Stop!
Both of you! Stop!
I said STOP!
Rót!
I said STOP! Rót!
Father!
I am fine, boy.
She does not harm me.
Yes, YES!!
Pain! It’s WONDERFUL!
Hahahahaha!
More!
More! More! Show me more!
Ahh!
Incredible!
Oh! Outstanding!
Feeling, feeling! Glorious feeling!
I never knew how much FUN this could be!
Killing you is going to feel so rewarding now!
You will stop this, NOW!
Enough!
No more!
No more!
Enough!
You will not do this!
Stop this!
Stop this!
You will listen to your mother!
You will listen to your mother!
You will not do this!
Kratos—take your son and go! I can’t let you get hurt!
Baldur! My boy—I only wanted to protect you!
Son!
Please stop! I can make this right!
Please, Atreus! You have to make your father stop!
You think this can hold me?!
You’re weak, Mother!
I’m coming for you!
Err… MOTHER! Graahhh!!!
(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)
No!
Stop hurting my boy!
Look out!
Ahh!!
I feel…
I FEEL…
FREEZING!!!
The chill… it’s better than I remembered!
So. Cold! I love it!
Ice, snow, wind… I can feel them!
The INFERNO! Incredible!
Heat! WARMTH! It’s indescribable!
I can’t believe what I’ve been missing all these years!
You.
Will.
STOP!
You.
Will.
STOP!
Boy!
The crystal!
Atreus?
Atreus!
I’m up here! I’m okay!
And I’m doing WONDERFUL! Why, I’ve never felt so alive!
ENOUGH.
If you won’t stop fighting, I will make you stop.
Stop this!
Þrífa!
You think these can hold me, mother?
Weak! Just like you!
Got him!
He’s down!
Þrífa!
Nnngghhh….
NO!!!
Nnngghhh….
NO!!!
MOTHER!!!
I’LL KILL YOU!!!!
Atreus!
Stay away from my son!
You don’t have to do this!
There!
Stop him!
Please… there has been enough pain.
Shut
UP, MOTHER!
You don’t want to do this!
You don’t know what I want!
No!
(maniacal laughter)
Hrnn!
Gyahh!
NOO!!
NOO!!
Get… offa him!
Before you die, I want to thank you. Both of you. You’ve done what even the Allfather himself could not.
I’ve never felt more alive!
Ironic, isn’t it?
GRYYAHHH!
What?!
NO!
WHY
WON’T YOU DIE!
YOU WON’T STOP ME!
I WILL SLAUGHTER YOU BOTH!
YOU THINK YOU CAN BEAT ME NOW?!
YOU THINK YOU CAN STOP ME?!
PLEASE! All of you! You must stop!
Son! My magick…
I couldn’t let you die! You HAVE to understand!
NO, Kratos! PLEASE. I need you to stop!
Atreus—child! Help me stop them! PLEASE!
Why won’t you listen to me?!?
It doesn’t have to end this way!
I’m not sorry we saved her. We had to.
Even if she curses us?
Even if she curses us.
She’s always hated me… I’m finally remembering how much!
But it’s true—the world’s a better one with her in it.
I don’t understand… I know saving her was the right thing, but she seemed all evil at the end.
Not evil.
You killed her son, lad.
Her son.
The death of a child is not something a parent gets over easily.
But he was gonna kill her!
She would have died to see him live.
Only a parent can understand.
So you’d let me kill you?
If it meant you would live…
yes.
Look, there was no easy choice,
for anybody, brother.
But I think we can all agree you did the right thing.
The world’s a better place with Freya in it.
Just…
give her time, lads.
She’ll come around.
Back to Týr’s temple then.
One last time.
Aye…
Jötunheim awaits!
Lads! Am I glad to see you.
I believe I’ve reached my limit for Dwarven charm.
What happened, Mimir?
They took an uncomfortable number of measurements, and then proceeded to bicker about the weather.
Where do you want us to take you?
How about the warm confines of anywhere-bloody-else?
Before we return to Midgard, I should warn you…
more time has passed than you likely realize. And the snowfall that began when you slew Baldur…
it’s become something else—
the stuff of omens.
Omens? For the coming of winter?
Not just any winter,
but a great winter to span three summers—
and when it’s done,
Ragnarök begins.
Ragnarök.
From snow.
Aye. Snow, lots more snow, and then the end of the bloody world, in that approximate order.
Another prophecy…
No, brother….Prophecy doesn’t expect this for a hundred more winters at least. You’ve changed something.
Prophecy didn’t count on you.
Look... we’re on the Giant’s Fingers. I can see the highest peak ahead—right over there.
We did it.
What are you doing?
Can we go now? We’re so close!
We did.
I have nothing more to hide.
Boy...
Carry her.
Wait!
Father...
something’s happening...
It’s your axe...
It’s mother...
Look...
she’s arguing with a bunch of Giants.
She...
knew Giants?
That’s us...
the first time we met the World Serpent.
But how...?
And our fight with Baldur...
But that just happened.
Wait—
they knew everything that was going to happen.
The dragon in the mountain, the Stone Mason...
All these drawings...
this is our story.
But...
what does it all mean?
You didn’t know...
She was a Giant...
I’m a Giant.
Why didn’t she tell us?
But why not just tell us the truth?
If she had a plan for us...
I trust it.
Whatever it is.
Besides...
she hasn’t been wrong yet.
Come on,
we’re so close to the end now.
No...
This is your story.
That I was not the only parent with secrets...
She sent us here knowing we would find this.
Your mother would have had good reasons.
Baldur was never sent to find me.
He was tracking her all along...
not knowing she was only ashes.
Yes...
Yes, we are.
Father?
I love you, mom.
The Giants...
They really are all gone.
There’s nothing for us here...
So… I get that mother was a Giant. Which makes me part Giant and part god.
Right. I guess there’s just one thing I don’t understand...
My name on the wall—
The Giants called me
“Loki”?
But—why?
No.
We do it together,
son.
Goodbye, Faye.
Come.
And part mortal.
Loki?
That was the name your mother wanted for you when you were born. She must have called you that to her people.
A question for another day. Let us go home.
Hm…
Boy?
It’s nothing… I just thought I’d hear voices by now.
Look! Do you see that?
See what?
I’m not sure…
I think I see Giants. No…
dead Giants.
This realm feels strange.
It's too quiet.
Hello? Anybody here?
What is this place?
They must have all come through here when they left Midgard. What was left of them.
Why carve all these faces?
What if this is all of the Giants that got out of Midgard alive?
Not really many at all…
Where are they now?
The Giants came back home so they could survive. But I’m not sure they did.
I should feel them… but I don’t. This place is dead.
What happened to them? Why’d mom send us here?
One question is answered and two more take its place…
Odin and Thor… ruining everything for everybody…
Hunh… who’s the “guardian”…?
Look…
it’s mother’s.
She was here.
She saw every step we took before we took it.
Like she was always with us…
watching over us…
leading us home.
Let’s finish it.
Guess it all makes sense now. Why she’d want to end up here. Be with her kind.
But… did she know it was going to be like this here? Is this what she wanted us to see?
Did she want us to tell the people, or keep it a secret?
I…
do not know.
So what should we do?
I trust you to decide that.
Oh!
So… why’d you want to name me Atreus? I know it can’t be for a god.
Hah.
No.
He was a soldier.
A Spartan.
A great warrior?
All Spartans are great warriors.
We train from birth.
Our lives were discipline, duty,
battle, and death.
Life was grim, and we greeted it grimly.
Mm-hmm.
But Atreus of Sparta was unlike the rest of us.
He wore a smile even in the worst of times.
He was… happy.
He inspired us to hope…
that though we were machines of war,
yet there was humanity in us.
Goodness.
When the day came for him to lay down his life in battle,
his sacrifice saved countless others, and turned the tide in our favor.
I carried him home on his shield, and buried him with all the honors of Spartan custom.
His memory was a comfort in dark times.
Wow. You actually told a good story.
Mimir missed it!
I understand if you want to go home…
but I bet there are still some corrupted Valkyries out there that could be set free.
Some other help people need.
Maybe helping people was part of why mom sent us out here too.
I mean…
what would Atreus of Sparta do?
I understand if you want to go home…
but…
maybe helping people was part of why mom sent us out here too.
I mean…
what would Atreus of Sparta do?
And what would Loki do?
Hunh… that’s a weird name. I’m glad we went with yours.
Uh… is it a good idea coming back here?
She’s probably in there planning your demise, brother.
Or bringing Baldur back to life—
like she did you, Mimir.
Oh, I’m not alive, lad. I’m reanimated, sure, but make no mistake, I’m still quite dead.
I’ll never be what I once was. She won’t want this for her son, trust me.
That’s a relief.
Not the part about you being dead, but,
you know…
If you’re thinking about hurling us all into the void, I hope you’re quite sure.
Wasn’t it your idea? Find our own path, right?
Bollocks…
This is where Týr stepped beyond… and the Unity Stone protected him.
Ready?
Ready.
Well… if this is it, lads, it’s been an honor.
Have faith, Head.
This is incredible!
I… thought… there’d… be… a… bridge…!
Ach… how can I be so nauseous without a stomach?
Come on, that was great…!
Look…
The tower! I knew there was something down here…
Amazing.
How do you hide something that exists in all realms?
Cast it out of any realm to the space between.
Clever old Týr.
Is Jötunheim on the other side?
Can’t be that.
It’s not like you go through Vanaheim to reach the Midgard peak.
But how do we use it?
I’d suggest we look inside. But stay alert—
Týr’s little challenges are never as simple as they appear.
I have noticed.
Well…
this is sparse.
The pedestal…
Oh no! It took the stone!
The tower… it’s absorbing the stone’s energy…
Something’s happening! Is it moving? It’s moving!
It knows what to do.
The stone served its purpose. We’re fulfilling Týr’s spell!
What happens now?
No idea, brother…
but after that fall, I’m sure we’re past the worst of it.
Oop! No, this is considerably worse.
We’ve stopped… I think it’s over.
Aye…
but where are we?
Smells like Niflheim all of a sudden…
Are we in Niflheim? I knew we should have checked out Niflheim!
Ugh—glad that’s over…
Now where are we?
Oh… looks like Alfheim!
That was tough… where do you think it’s taking us next?
I do not know.
Oh no… we’re back in Hel?
Oh dear, here they come!
Ogre and Troll at the same time. Sure, that’s fair…
Surely that’s enough of that.
Muspelheim! This won’t be good.
Muspelheim? We’ve never been to Muspelheim..!
Now then, many topics to cover—
where shall we start?
So, Mimir…
why did Freya spit in your face?
No,
speak of Baldur.
He claims nothing harms him.
Aye, Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
The boasting of a god.
Everyone has a weakness.
Not him, I’m afraid. Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
You just said that, Mimir.
Did I?
What is the source of this power?
Well, as I recall…
it involved… eh… a
spell…?
Mimir?
Oh sorry, lad. Losing my concentration a bit.
Parts of m’brain must still be coming back to life.
I should rest my eye.
Hope he’s not broken…
That was weird…
Why don’t you tell me how all this began with Baldur?
He just knocked on our door!
Baldur of Asgard just knocked on your door?
Yeah, he just showed up and started a fight.
He said he wanted to know something.
He said “I know what you are”…
Mmm.
Oh!
Well, we’ll circle back to that later.
What exactly did he want to know?
I was under the floor by then…
He said I already knew what he wanted.
Perhaps he mistook me for another.
Hm. That’s quite interesting.
Mimir?
Why do you have Bifröst crystals in your eyes?
A loving gift from the Giants.
Since I used to do so much traveling between realms,
they thought it would be more convenient for me than having a crystal I could lose.
Did it hurt?
No, because I wisely fortified myself with sixteen cups of billow maidens’ ale.
Got so inebriated I tried convincing the Giants to put ’em in my nipples instead!
(Laughing) Almost talked them into it too…
Can you imagine?
Mimir of the Bifröst teats! (Laughing)
Those were the days…
Ewww.
Okay, okay… I’ll stop now.
So what do you think, Mimir? What does Baldur want with us?
So what do you think, Mimir? What does Baldur want with us?
Well… let’s look at what we know.
Baldur is Odin’s finest tracker, bar none.
If he wants you, you have to consider the possibility that Odin wants you.
And as for what Odin wants, on this I have some expertise.
What could WE have that Odin doesn’t? He’s like the king of gods!
Of the Aesir, aye,
but his reach is not unlimited.
And where he cannot reach, he is preoccupied with going.
He certainly tortured me enough about it over the years.
So…
Odin wants to go where he can’t reach…
are you saying he’s trying to get to Jötunheim too?
Aye,
it ranks among his foremost obsessions.
But…
that doesn’t make any sense, Mimir.
Oh?
When did I stop making sense?
You’re saying Baldur tracked us down to find the way to Jötunheim…
but that was before we knew Jötunheim is where we needed to go!
That’s crazy.
Except for one thing…
you are headed for Jötunheim. So he was right.
I’m so confused.
Well, then clearly you’ve been listening.
I’m confused.
I always heard that Baldur’s mother was Frigg.
Aye, Frigg…
well, that’s more of a pet name, you see.
It means, “beloved.”
Something Odin called Freya after they wed.
Out of affection, at first, or so I like to believe.
As things turned sour, it became a way to manipulate the truth.
How so?
Odin didn’t want Freya, a Vanir goddess, getting credit for anything in Asgard.
So anything worthy she accomplished was attributed to Frigg.
Odin didn’t want Freya, a Vanir goddess, getting credit for anything in Asgard.
So anything worthy she accomplished was attributed to Frigg.
Like being Baldur’s mother.
That’s RIGHT—
Freya was Baldur’s mother all along!
(sighs)
Okay—
tell me again how Odin knew we were going to Jötunheim before we did.
Odin is extremely clever, you see. Nearly as clever as he thinks he is.
And he’s a collector of prophecies. If it’s about the future, he adds it to his collection.
Helps him style himself as all seeing and all knowing.
But of course the idea is control.
Control of the future, control of his fate…
he’d control every realm of every land in every world if he could.
Every potential pocket of resistance he seeks to eliminate.
Even if you’ve never posed a threat before… he may think one day you might.
So you see… it’s not important how he knew before you did — it’s important that he was right.
Now don’t go spreading it around that I speak the snake’s tongue.
If Odin ever found that out, it’d be dangerous for all concerned.
Why’s Odin so desperate to find a way into Jötunheim, anyway?
Oh, well, the Giants are the Aesir’s oldest enemies.
They’re fated to wage a successful war against the gods during Ragnarök.
Things don’t end well for him and the Aesir, or even the world for that matter.
Odin hopes to prevent the army of Giants from ever forming.
But… isn’t Ragnarök what’s fated to happen? You said the World Serpent had already been there.
Oh, even Odin is not so stubborn as to believe he can prevent Ragnarök.
But he does aspire to alter its outcome.
How?
His usual repertoire.
Hoard information, manipulate events, and gradually assume control of the variables.
What’s a variable?
Oh, that’s maths. We’ll cover that later. What I mean is—I’ll give you an example.
Later.
Oh, alright.
Remind me to tell you about the Wolves.
Now,
head—why did you not tell us Baldur is the son of Freya?
He IS!
It’s shocking every time I hear it. And yet obviously I know it.
But when I think about Baldur and Freya, I…
Mimir?
Yes, lad?
The witch.
How’s that, brother?
Mimir, tell me Baldur’s vulnerability.
Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
Wait, what is happening?
He is bewitched not to speak of what he knows.
He is?
I am? I AM!
Ooh… That’s it precisely. I wonder how long that’s been so—
since she had m’head at her  mercy,
or back when I figured out Baldur’s weakness.
Mimir!
Yes, lad?
You just said you figured out Baldur’s weakness!
Did I?
But Baldur is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.
AUGH!
Enough.
This means there is a way.
If he troubles us again,
we will find it.
So who were those two men with Baldur?
Are they really the sons of Thor?
Aye, Magni and Modi.
Two bigger twits you won’t likely find in the halls of Asgard.
They’ll do anything their uncle puts them up to.
They are fools.
They are fools?
Well, dangerous fools, to be sure.
When they work together, they’re formidable…
but too often it’s a petty competition.
Terribly strong, even as children.
I remember the time Hrungnir the brawler fell upon Thor—
Another time, Head.
Aw!
What else did the serpent say, Head?
I do not think he would speak idly.
Mimir…
what else did the serpent tell you when you spoke?
Kinda sounded important.
I’m sure it’s nothing. He just said the boy seemed familiar to him.
Me?
That’s impossible.
Oh, I quite agree.
Unless… perhaps… he refers to something yet to be?
It is said that when Jörmungandr and Thor battle at Ragnarök,
their clash so violently shakes the Tree of Life that it splinters,
casting the Serpent backward through time, even before his own birth.
What!
That is madness.
Well, I did say not to concern yourself…
Why’s Odin so desperate to find a way into Jötunheim, anyway?
He’s convinced the Giants hold the key to changing his fate when Ragnarök comes.
They are the Aesir’s oldest enemies, after all—
and it’s their army that’s supposed to do him in, in the end.
But more than that, he covets their gifts of prophecy.
He wants to know what they know, and see what they see.
So much suffering could have been avoided if his insatiable curiosity was not so much stronger than his wisdom.
What do you mean?
Ah—
remind me to tell you why they call him the Lord of the Hanged…
Mimir…
do you know why there are no more Giants left in Midgard?
I mean, not counting the serpent from the future.
Well, they did not take me into their confidence about that, Odin’s convictions to the contrary.
But I know this—
if I’d spent the better part of sixty winters seeing my best and brightest cut down by Thor and
that damn hammer,
I might very well go home to lick my wounds.
It’s too bad. I was fond of every Giant I ever met…
So that’s why they destroyed the bridges to Jötunheim…
so the Aesir couldn’t follow?
And is that why there’s no tower in the lake?
I doubt it’s a coincidence.
So you think when we get to Jötunheim, we might find Giants there?
Anything’s possible.
So why do they call Odin the Lord of the Hanged?
That refers to a modest example of Odin’s thirst for knowledge—
the time he spent nine days a dead man.
Hung himself by the neck from Yggdrasil’s branches,
put his spear through his own side, and bled down into the Well of Destiny.
He roamed the realms of the dead and plundered the World Tree of its secrets…
until, I think quite rightly, it got fed up with him and sent him back to the land of the living.
Did I not mention he was barking mad?
That refers to a modest example of Odin’s thirst for knowledge—
the time he spent nine days a dead man.
Aye! Hung himself by the neck from Yggdrasil’s branches,
put his spear through his own side, and bled down into the Well of Destiny.
He roamed the realms of the dead and plundered the World Tree of its secrets…
until, I think quite rightly, it got fed up with him and sent him back to the land of the living.
Did I not mention he was barking mad?
Here’s something I can’t figure out…
Odin wants to prevent Ragnarök…
but the Serpent’s already been there and seen it.
So hasn’t he already failed?
Fate’s a tricky thing, lad.
And Odin’s just arrogant enough to think he can get the best of it.
Fate is another lie told by the gods.
Nothing is written that cannot be unwritten.
On that, brother, you and the Allfather may just agree.
Even if he can’t prevent Ragnarök, he still hopes to learn enough details to influence the outcome.
Remind me later to tell you about the wolves…
So, Mimir…
seemed like maybe you know Brok and Sindri…
Oh, the “Huldra Brothers”…?
Well, who doesn’t?
They’re quite famous, or infamous, depending on your point of view.
They crafted Mjölnir, you see—Thor’s Hammer?
The Aesir’s greatest murder weapon, the bane of Giant-kind…
THEY made Thor’s hammer?
I didn’t think they liked the Aesir.
THEY made Thor’s hammer?
I didn’t think they liked the Aesir.
Oh, I should say not…
but this was long ago, and they were eager to make a name for themselves.
Rather overdid it with that one, methinks.
Hang on…
Mimir,
you called Brok and Sindri the Huldra Brothers?
Aye.
But…
they’re Dwarves,
aren’t they?
Aye.
And Huldra are sprites of the forest…
Aye, beautiful, seductive sprites of the forest.
So why would you call Brok and Sindri the Huldra Brothers?
Oh… well… I now realize this would be a wholly inappropriate story for young and innocent ears.
Tsk. Whatever.
Look,
don’t be mad…
but I’ve seen those blades of yours before.
They were under the house, when I was hiding.
Is that why you never let me down there?
Where’d they come from?
They are my burden.
From a life that is behind me.
Well,
they’re in my life too, now,
and I’d like to hear that story.
Those days are dead.
To relive them is…
needless.
How can it be needless if it’s the truth?
One day,
you will understand.
I’ll take your word for it…
I know I’ve been up on a mountain for a while now, but since when do the dead not stay dead?
A little resurrection among friends is one thing—I can hardly complain…
but it’s as if Hel itself is shambling into Midgard.
Freya said the world was out of balance…
that somebody meddled with forces.
Oh, that’s plain to see.
And Odin is the king of meddlers.
But I shudder to think what he did to cause this…
perhaps it involves the Valkyries.
That’d be playing a dangerous game indeed…
Mimir…
what did you call mother?
Laufey the Just?
Did you know her?
I never had the pleasure.
Laufey was a rumor in the halls of Asgard—
a Giantess warrior who thwarted many an Aesir god’s plans.
Freeing those who they would enslave, feeding those who they would starve,
generally making a nuisance of herself in the most noble of ways.
Thor was terribly frustrated he could never find her to fight.
Once my imprisonment began,
I could only wonder what became of her,
and who she would turn out to be.
Yours is quite a singular lineage, lad.
Brothers,
there is another thing I must let you know,
from the time you were away in Jötunheim.
Well?
Tell us then.
It concerns Freya.
She paid me a visit.
Are you bewitched again?
No, no… well, I don’t think so…
I thought it best to tell her what she wanted to know before any seiðr became necessary.
What did you tell her?
What little I know about where Odin may have kept her Valkyrie wings.
Seems she’s rather bent on reclaiming her warrior spirit.
I’m afraid the cycle of vengeance may not be so easily broken.
Wait…
the voice, from the sword… it says we can go this way!
Come on…
let’s pick up where we left off.
This way! It’ll save time.
Wow…
it’s hot here.
But…
is that… snow?
Ash.
It only falls like that for great fires.
The whole realm is a great fire… the source of fire itself, and all the sun and stars, if legend is to be believed.
Should we believe?
I mean…
we’re here,
and we’re not on fire.
Not yet.
Well, you know… I suppose it’s cooled considerably since the dawn of creation, hasn’t it?
Niflheim isn’t exactly ice these days either.
It’s in the nature of things–
extremes are tempered by time.
Fires burn colder, men grow old and gray…
heads are chopped off and attached to belts. Such is life!
Uh… okay, Mimir…
Wow…
it’s hot here.
But…
is that… snow?
Ash.
It only falls like that for great fires.
Well…
this is supposed to be the greatest fire of all, isn’t it?
Muspelheim, the ancient realm of flame…
Did your mother speak of it?
Not a whole lot.
I mean…
there’s not many stories that take place in… fire.
Except among the fire giants, I guess.
But I don’t think they talk to others much.
And no one’s seen one in forever…
I wonder what Surtr’s Gauntlet is…
What?
What?
It’s what those runes said we could find here.
Hm… we shall look.
Oh…
you just feel like a long walk in the heat, I guess.
Really?
Shouldn’t we save our strength for the challenge?
Really?
Shouldn’t we save our strength for the challenge?
Did you forget the shortcut?
Why wouldn’t we use the shortcut?
You wanna go this way again?
Oh, boy…
You know we don’t have to go this way, right?
Listen…
I hear a voice…
Another elf?
I don’t think so…
it’s coming from up there…
Oh…! I mean besides Brok…
up there! To the right…!
You must like the heat, Brok…
Mimir,
did you ever hear of Surtr’s Gauntlet?
Not as such.
But it sounds like the Fire Giant’s training ground,
where he kept himself in fighting shape for Ragnarök.
I can tell you all about Surtr sometime,
when we’ve got a nice boat ride and not everything is on fire.
So how do we know Surtr didn’t go to Jötunheim with the rest of the Giants?
Well, why would he? He’s a pre-Bergelmirian Giant.
Muspel was his home long before the flood.
It’s better this way, both for him, and for everything not on fire.
Oofta… !
I forgot how hot it was here.
Well, it is a realm of primordial fire.
If it weren’t a little balmy, I’d be concerned.
Oh,
I am not getting used to the heat…
Wait ’til you have a beard to singe…
Ugh… there’s that heat again.
Aye, but it’s a dry heat…
Oh wow.
It’s a lava waterfall.
It’s a lava-fall.
Yes, this isn’t at ALL terrifying, is it?
Oop! There goes my arm-hair.
Oh… do be careful.
The voice! It’s just around this corner…
Oh!…
…it’s a great big sword.
It wants to know if we’re ready to train?
There’s another sword! This must be the next challenge.
Another sword! I wonder how many of these there are. Oh, it’s six. The voice says six.
Found the next sword!
There’s a sword! What’s this, the fifth?
It says there’s another level to this challenge –
harder than before….
Now it wants to know if we’re ready for the ultimate challenge!
It is not the time for this.
Aw…
Ah, out here just to breathe the ash, then…
No.
Not now.
Okay…
what are we doin’ then?
We do not need this now.
Whatever you say…
No.
Our journey awaits…
’kay then.…
The gate’s closed…!
Prepare yourself, boy.
Yes sir!
Be ready, boy.
I am!
Here they come.
I’m ready!
It begins.
Here we go…!
Ready?
Ready!
Ehhhh… oh! You meant the boy, of course.
Follow my lead.
Say the word…
We go again.
Sir!
Once more.
Let’s do it!
Again.
Why not..!
One more time.
Okay, I’m ready…
It stopped.
We failed?
There is no failure in training.
We can surpass it with practice.
Sure,
or we could come back with better weapons and armor.
A fair point.
Hmph…. Think we can beat it, or do we need better gear?
I feel like maybe we’ll be better at that…
later.
We lost again?
I dunno,
can we do this?
Okay,
what are we doing wrong?
Why can’t we do this? Would some better gear help?
Why can’t we do this? Would some better gear help?
I know this is training… but it still hurts.
Aww…
we were close that time!
We had that…
Ugh… all that for nothing!
Oh no!
I thought we had it…!
Aw, man… almost!
Well… this seems frustrating…
Boy,
we didn’t come CLOSE that time.
I’m not sure we’re ready for that one.
That’s not fair–we weren’t ready.
I’m not sure we have the right gear for this.
Okay…
that was kinda sad.
C’mon… I know we can do better than that!
We did it! That was a little crazy…
Hey, look at us!
Did we win? We won!
Whew! We actually did it!
Haha…
YES!
All right!
Glad we could get through that.
Ha…
gets a little easier every time.
Right…?
Wow… that was fun!
And hard…
Whew–nicely done!
Most impressive, brothers…!
That was outstanding! Wish I had a better view.
Well!
I think you’ve gotten pretty good at THAT.
And look – there’s loot!
Wouldn’t it be nice to find some incense, just once? The smell of brimstone gets old quickly…
Whoo! Alright…! Treasure time…
Wouldn’t it be nice to find some incense, just once? The smell of brimstone gets old quickly…
The sword’s back! He’s saying we’re free to go… but if we want to train further,
there’s one more challenge here.
One more challenge and they’ll open the gate forward.
One more round to open the gate,
or are we done for now?
Guess we haven’t opened the way forward yet. One more challenge?
Think we’re ready to do one more and get that gate open?
Now both gates are down – we can go up to the next challenge if you want!
Another gate opened up!
There’s the way through!
Gate open!
I see the way up…!
The voice is impressed…
he says for anyone that can beat a Valkyrie,
he’ll unlock a new level of challenges.
I think all the swords just came back!
All RIGHT! I think we mastered that one…
That’s it… we beat them! We really beat them all. Think we’re ready for the next level?
We did it! We beat every level of every test.
I don’t think even Ragnarök could stop us now…!
So… nobody lives here,
do they?
Only a fire giant could be at home here, and according to prophecy, we won’t see them again 'til Ragnarök.
We should explore further.
My hands are so sweaty I can barely grip the bow…
Well, my nose itches.
Wipe them before you fire.
I know…
I keep breathing in ash…
Imagine breathing it in from your throat-stump!
Uh… I really can’t…
Do you feel sick?
No!
No, it’s…
just weird.
I don’t usually get nervous when we climb…
but don’t slip.
I strongly concur.
I will not.
Okay, my eyes are really stinging now.
And my throat burns.
Well, it wouldn’t be a challenge without a little challenge, would it?
Weapons are honed by fire,
not by comfort.
If we could take this temperature and combine it with Helheim’s,
it’d probably be perfect.
And if the all-father had wings, he’d be a dragon.
Huh?
Huh?
That’s a Soul Eater! If that kills us, that’s it. No Valhalla. No Hel. No afterlife. Ever!
Oh.
Mom made them sound more dangerous than that.
It does not attack.
Then do not drop your guard.
Come.
You rush around like that everywhere? Yeesh.
C’mere already! You’re gonna be real happy.
Wait—
aren’t we talking to Brok?
Catch!
Seeing as you’re my only customers, you need a quick way back to me with all your ill-gottens.
Lookie…
The pile of rocks there—
with that Key of Yggdrasil, you can open a magic door to the branches of the World Tree—
a shortcut ’tween the realms.
If y’ever see ’em out in the world, use it to get back to me quick.
IGG-druh-sill
But it’s
one-way
only—straight back here and nowhere else. And whatever you do,
never, never, EVER, never, ever, ever, ever, ever throw yourself over the edge of the path…
lest you want death.
Yeah,
I don’t see us wanting that.
Good!
Now when you’re done gawkin’, I got a favor to ask.
Got time fer a favor?
I’m not gonna beg ya.
What is it, Dwarf?
There’s this Alchemist, Andvari, been workin’ outta the Völunder Mines.
Haven’t heard from him in mebbe, oh I dunno… a hundred winters or so?
Probably dead, but uh, mebbe you can find him.
He’s Dwarven like me. Wears a fancy green ring.
Owes me a favor. You’ll look?
If it is on our path…
Oh I see how it is.
Not a somethin’ fer nuthin’ type, are ya?
Fine.
If ya find Andvari, I’ll make him whip ya up somethin’ special.
This entry stone here oughtta get you inside those mines.
The Völunder mines is northeast of the Temple, toward them ice shelves.
The Völunder Mines is right through these doors.
Might as well have a look-see inside, don’tcha think?
I need that Alchemist for something I’m stewing up for you.
If’n you’re smart, you’ll find him.
You scare up that Alchemist what needed finding?
Uh… these runes read “Death inside”
So…
Brok said his friend was Dwarven like him,
wearing a green ring.
Look if you wish.
I will be gathering resources for our journey.
You don’t want to help him?
No.
Why not?
Because I do not run errands for Dwarves.
Oh.
Dwarven.
But no ring.
One of his crew?
Scorch marks—
there along the floor and wall.
Weird.
I guess we keep looking.
We?
I mean
I’LL keep looking.
Soul Eater got him.
Must have been part of that Alchemist’s crew.
We should look at more of these bodies, right?
Any of them could be Brok’s friend.
Mmph.
They probably have useful loot, too…
Not him.
Hey,
I thought you didn’t care.
I noticed the lack of ring while looting the body.
Oh.
There’s the ring! On that severed hand!
…attached to the Soul Eater.
Well,
we know what happened to Andvari now;
we can just go tell Brok.
No need to fight it,
right?
No.
We will fight it.
But why?
Because you are frightened of it.
He’s got both hands. This isn’t him.
No ring.
We’re not gonna find Brok’s friend alive,
are we…
No ring. We’re not gonna find Brok’s friend alive, are we…
It was a massacre…
This is crazy! How are we supposed to kill something made of rock!?
Be strong, Atreus.
Stay focused. And look for a weak point.
Yes, sir.
Stay quiet.
Make no sudden movement.
Look out!
We did it! I can’t believe it.
Believe it.
You are stronger than you know.
Thank you, father.
Let’s see if that’s the Alchemist’s ring.
Green ring…
Dwarvish inscription…
The Alchemist.
But where’s the rest of him?
Ashes, most likely.
The Soul Eater got him…
I guess we should bring this back to Brok.
These Runes were written fast.
It spells out:
“Í Gimsteini.”
Hmm… I don’t know that one.
We will ask the blue one.
So now you’re interested?
We found his Alchemist.
A reward was promised.
What’d you find?
Your Alchemist.
Huh?
I’m sorry, Brok. The hand is all we could find, still wearing the ring.
There was a Soul Eater inside, and well… it must have burned away the rest of him.
We think he left a message…
does “Í Gimsteini” mean anything to you?
Mmm, can’t say it do.
Andvari always did have a thing fer cryptic messages.
S’pose you’ll still be wantin’ some compensation, huh?
Naturally.
“Naturally,” he says.
Mjonefr uxi…
I’ll take a closer look at this here ring.
Maybe Andvari left a bit a magic inside ’fore he croaked.
Dwarves can do that?
Sure. Dwarves and magic jewels is like flies and pig lips.
Supple ones.
Ew. I’m not as interested as I thought.
That’s an interesting gate… I wonder who built it?
These ruins again…
Wow… It’s like there was an entire city under the water!
Aye, lad. A forgotten city.
What was it called?
Erm, well…
I forgot!
What happened to this city?
I’m not entirely sure, lad.
It was abandoned long before Jörmungandr came to town and flooded the place.
Hmm… I wonder what it was like to live here.
What happened here?
Shipwreck.
Well, yeah.
I wonder why it crashed?
That ship again…
Wow, there was another shipwreck under the water.
I wonder what happened to this ship’s crew?
That’s some statue. Who built it, ya think?
I do not know.
The snake he’s holding… The World Serpent?
Too small.
Yea but… Maybe Thor is just REALLY big?
Mmm… Unlikely.
I still can’t believe he ate it.
That dragon… It’s Baldur’s, isn’t it?
…Yes.
And you brought it down.
To save me?
It was very heroic.
Thank you, by the way.
For what?
For saving me.
I… I know I screwed things up, before Baldur grabbed me.
Hmph. You did. But… you are my son.
Hey, that looks like a water wheel.
Or, I guess…
an UNDER-water wheel.
Hmph.
Did you just… laugh at that?
No.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I do not laugh.
Don’t I know it.
I bet the wheel could work if it wasn’t underwater.
Wow…
there’s two of them! And they’re HUGE! I wonder why they aren’t moving?
Wow…
I’ve never seen a waterfall so big.
The waterfall…
It sure is beautiful.
This waterfall is even bigger now that the water’s dropped.
The waterfall… still beautiful.
Massive…
There must be a way to open this gate.
Somehow.
That gate…
we should try to open it.
Why?
I mean… look at it! There’s gotta be something useful behind it.
That gate…
we never did open it.
Should we give it a try?
Hmpgh.
We’re looking for a whetstone. Have you seen it?
What?
He killed his own father?
Aye. There was one in this room.
My son sharpened his dagger on it, right before stabbing me in the back.
Little bastard thought it was his turn to lead my crew.
I was hard on him, sure,
(sighs). Guess I shouldn’t be surprised.
I did the same thing to my dad when I was his age.
Ha! He may be a bastard, but he’s MY bastard. You’ll get no help from me, fool.
Hey! That’s mine! HEY!
Where is he now?
Then his dagger will help.
Come boy,
we are leaving.
You boys look like you’re gearing up for quite the journey…
I know of a place that may contain some useful treasure.
Any interest in checking it out?
There’s an abandoned temple in Midgard \nthat a fellow Dwarf converted to his personal storeroom.
Packed it with all sorts of treasures he collected during his travels throughout the realms.
Throughout the realms?
Which ones did he go to?
What did he collect?
Throughout the realms?
Which ones did he go to?
What did he collect?
Fáfnir was a…
shall we say, “aggressive” collector of magical artifacts. The more he acquired, the more he desired.
There was no realm too dangerous, no relic too hazardous.
He once ventured deep into Niflheim for a whetstone, of all things!
Huh. I bet that was quite the whetstone…
Does this story have a point?
Yes it does!
I just happen to have an entry stone to Fáfnir’s Storeroom!
You might find something useful in there.
Neat!
Thanks Sindri!
You’re very welcome!
Oh, and uh… if you find that whetstone… well…
It sure would be nice of you to bring it to me!
I’d advise caution if you’re heading to the storeroom.
Last I was there, all manner of nastiness had taken up residence.
I’d advise caution if you’re heading into the storeroom.
I was there over a century ago, and all manner of nastiness had taken up residence.
Can’t imagine its become any cleaner after one hundred years of neglect.
Won’t your friend be upset if we steal all his stuff?
Oh hahaha no, no not at all.
He’s dead. I think.
Oh… sorry.
No, no need to be sorry.
These things happen when one travels from realm to realm, collecting priceless artifacts that don’t belong to you.
Treasures from all the different realms…
Do you think Fáfnir went to Alfheim too?
I do not know.
Aren’t you curious? He sounds interesting.
We go to this storeroom to collect anything useful for our journey.
Not to learn more about the Dwarf.
Fáfnir WAS a rather interesting fellow, little brother.
Perhaps I’ll tell you his story one day.
Reavers.
Uh oh.
They must’ve gotten here first.
Locked. Find another entrance.
Whoah…
Looks like the reavers made it inside.
I hope they didn’t take all the treasure…
Come.
We will find out.
Just some stupid pots.
And draugr.
No magical treasure, and no whetstone.
Keep your expectations low, boy, and you will never be disappointed.
Ahh!
They caught you off-guard.
I wasn’t expecting them!
Exactly.
There’s nothing but poison in this one. And a stupid bird statue.
AND useful resources; the main reason we are here, boy.
However…
many of these chests have been emptied.
Probably by the Reavers…
I hope they didn’t take Sindri’s whetstone.
I have a good feeling about this next one. Maybe we’ll even find the whetstone!
Remember what I told you about expectations, boy.
“Keep them low,” I remember.
Still. Good feeling!
So much for my good feeling.
Mmm-hmm.
I know…
I was ready for them, this time.
I was ready for them, this time.
I saw.
So I should keep my expectations low,
but always expect an attack?
It is a delicate balance. Expect the worst. Assume nothing. And always anticipate an attack.
Sure is a lot to remember.
Still no whetstone.
And only one room left.
I know I shouldn’t hope, but…
do you think we’ll find it there?
No.
So, you back to piss on my corpse? You ungrateful little –
Eh? Who are you two?
Fine, piss off then!
Hmph, you’re back. Well what do you lot want?
Ha!
Choke on it!
Hmph. For a pair of pasty fífls, you sure can fight. I’ll give ya that.
What are you looking at?
Begone with yeh, or I’ll rip your legs off from beyond the grave, you dirty bastards.
Why would his son betray him like that? Kill his own father? Over some treasure? It seems so greedy.
Remember what I told you, boy.
Assume nothing.
Well—sure, he didn’t seem like a great father. But…
You only know half the story.
I guess…
Have you made it out to Fáfnir’s Storeroom yet?
Poor Fáfnir… There’s a fine line between ambition and greed, you know.
Found anything good in Fáfnir’s storeroom? Like, maybe…
a whetstone?
Just make sure you watch each other’s backs in the storeroom.
Wouldn’t want to lose my loyal customers!
Well, what did you think of Fáfnir’s Storeroom?
You, uh… didn’t happen to find that whetstone, perchance?
We found no whetstone.
This dagger belongs to the Reaver who took it.
This sigil looks familiar…
Maybe I can figure out which clan it’s from?
They took most of the good stuff.
Oh?
Well… Here, take this. In exchange for the dagger.
The dagger you brought me is quite interesting. An artless design, but the construction is sound.
Where in the temple did you find this?
In a Reaver’s back.
Ugh… Uuuughhhh…
He mentioned he was part of a larger clan.
Maybe they took the whetstone?
Quite possibly.
I know I’ve seen this design before…
What are you fools doing back here? Come to pilfer my boots and small clothes?
I swear if I weren’t a ghost, I’d rip yer heart out through yer throat.
Are you just standing there to taunt me?
Begone with ye!
We found your son.
He…
he was betrayed, too.
And we found part of his journal.
It sounded like he regretted killing you.
Hmph. Fat lot of good that does me.
How’d he go out?
He die fighting?
We found four corpses near his. They were decapitated.
Ha!
Vandrid always did keep his sword nice and sharp…
A lesson he picked up from me.
He’s a backstabbing bastard, but…
knowin’ he’s in Valhalla sets me at ease.
Thanks.
We did a good thing!
I’m glad we came back here.
That thief did not deserve the peace you gave him.
Maybe so.
Still,
it feels good to help people.
Even the dead ones.
That thief did not deserve the peace you gave him.
Hmm. So much like your mother…
They’re all gone….
Bjorn…
Iarl…
Vifil…
Hjorvarth…
Grimwald…
Johan…
Thorvid…
Hallveig…
Solmund…
Bothvar…
Frømund…
Eric…
What does it say, boy?
Hmm… It doesn’t say anything, really. I think it’s more a symbol. Or maybe a brand.
Hmm… It doesn’t say anything, really. I think it’s more a symbol. Or maybe a brand.
It must belong to the captain.
Keep watch for these in the lake.
Are you okay?
No, son.
My goods
are underwater.
My men are drowned. And yet, their bodies continue to walk the beaches.
Hel-Walkers.
They plague these lands.
I was their captain.
They died because of me.
But these abominations sully their memories.
I will find a way to free them from their tortured state.
In this, I am determined.
A thunderstorm scattered all three of my ships across the lake.
I know not what I did to anger Thor…
but his judgement was swift
and brutal.
I discovered opportunities for hunting and trade in these lands.
I gave up my search for Jötunheim long ago…
Leave that for the younger, more hopeful men.
But I was over-eager…
and my men paid a heavy price.
I felt blessed to lead such a loyal crew.
We’d become a family over the years.
And now…
my family is cursed.
I will not give up
until they are put to rest.
Boy,
what a sad story.
…Yes.
We should help him.
Really?
You are surprised.
Well,
yeah.
I didn’t think you’d care about helping a spirit.
Fighting more Hel-Walkers is good experience for you.
Oh.
Were all those guys part of his crew?
That’s a tough crew.
And all were his responsibility.
That’s a lot of responsibility.
Does it frighten you?
Uh…?
Responsibility.
Oh. Uh, no.
I don’t think so.
I mean,
I think it used to.
But not as much anymore.
Why is that?
Well,
being out here…
with you…
It makes me feel more grown up.
Hmm.
Seriously,
how did this one captain lead so many men?
He had their loyalty.
So they followed.
And then they all died.
He must’ve been a bad leader.
Why do you think that?
Well…
he led all of these men to their deaths.
True.
But these men chose to follow.
Hmm…
Even good leaders make poor choices.
The best take responsibility for them.
Remember this.
Father,
were you ever a leader?
I…
Many years ago. Yes.
I led men in battle.
Were you a good leader?
It is…
complicated.
Did you ever—
No more questions, boy.
Focus on the task at hand.
Yes, sir.
Phew. That was the last ship. I hope the captain will be satisfied now.
Unlikely.
He was determined to put these men to rest himself.
But…
He would’ve never been able to.
That does not matter to him.
Our victory will only remind him of his failure.
Then…
why do we do this?
Father,
why did you really want to help this spirit?
You need the experience.
I’ve had plenty of experience fighting these things!
What’s the real reason?
Hmm…
this man inspired loyalty.
He took responsibility for his mistakes.
And he was determined to fix them.
These are good lessons for you.
Oh.
Hmph.
Yes.
“Oh.”
My…my men are…
They roam no longer?
That’s right!
We kille—
uh…
we laid them all to rest.
I see…
So even in death,
I am a failure.
But in life, you were honorable.
Strong-willed.
And you inspired loyalty.
These are good qualities.
Aren’t they, boy?
Yeah.
I couldn’t believe how many men followed you here!
I…
Thank you for your kind words.
May your journey have a more pleasant end
than mine.
Well,
you're right.
He didn’t seem very satisfied.
I guess you never really get over losing the ones you care about.
Hmmph.
Never.
No.
Never.
Gullveig…
You were taken from this realm too early.
You will be whole again…
This I swear.
Midgard suffers…
deprived of your power, my dear Gullveig…
I will not rest until you are complete!
You, who walks among the living!
My beloved Gullveig calls to me…
she yearns for peace!
Yet her remains lie in pieces.
I beg of you, make my Gullveig whole again!
You, who walks among the living!
My beloved Gullveig calls to me…
I can hear her scattered bones.
They sing with anguish!
I beg of you,
make my Gullveig whole again!
You want us to collect her bones?
Gross.
Gullveig’s seiðr magic knows no bounds.
She can reunite you with those you’ve lost!
Really?
How?
Boy…
I can smell your grief, child.
Rest assured, her magic is strong enough to create bridges between life and death…
if only for a short while.
Boy!
We are leaving.
They’ve taken three of sweet Gullveig’s bones, and spread them across the lake.
Bring me her bones, child! Gullveig will reward you!
Father…
maybe we should look for those bones?
Why.
Didn’t you hear him?
We could talk to Mom again. If we keep an eye out while we—
Look if you wish, boy!
I will not be distracted by this fool’s errand.
Do you hear that?
What is that sound?
Is that…
singing?
That sounds like one of her bones!
I think I hear a bone nearby…
You hear that too, right?
I hear a bone singing!
These bones pulse with magic…
It must be Gullveig!
Could we…
could we just hold onto it?
Maybe we’ll find the rest of them.
This Spirit lies to you, boy.
How would you know?
I have known many spirits.
They are all liars.
This one is different.
I know it.
You “know” very little.
Trusting a spirit to keep its word is foolish, boy.
But,
if there’s even a chance…
Don’t you want to see mom again?
Boy…
Guess it’s just me…
Of course I—
She is gone, Atreus.
You must accept this.
She is gone, Atreus.
You must accept this.
I do, but…
to see her again,
just one more time…
Why do you believe him?
You do not know him, or who he was.
All of this is sinister.
Why do you believe him?
You do not know him, or who he was.
All of this is sinister.
He wants to see someone he loved again.
I…
I understand how that feels.
I don’t think there’s anything sinister about it.
Hope is blinding your instincts, boy.
Hope is blinding your instincts, boy.
Another bone.
Gullveig’s bones.
I mean… if we find her bones… Accidentally… while we’re just walking around… What’s the harm in
picking them up?
What will you say to her?
To Gullveig?
Your mother.
What have you left unsaid?
I…
I guess
I… I just want to know if she’s okay.
She is dead, boy.
I know that! I…
You don’t understand.
Neither do you.
How would you know?
I have known many spirits.
They are all liars.
This one is different.
I know it.
You “know” very little.
What would you say to mom?
Nothing.
Nothing?
There is nothing left to say.
What about everything we’ve done so far?
That man coming to the house…
Talking to the World Serpent…
We’ve done so many amazing things…
I just want to tell her about them.
What about everything we’ve done so far?
Talking to the World Serpent…
Going to Alfheim…
We even killed a dragon!
We’ve done so many amazing things…
I just want to tell her about them.
What about everything we’ve done so far?
Talking to the World Serpent…
Going to Alfheim…
We even killed a dragon!
We’ve done so many amazing things…
I just want to tell her about them.
Don’t you?
Atreus.
Enough.
But don’t you wanna–
I SAID ENOUGH.
What else would you say to her?
What else would you say to her?
I’d tell her that we’re both okay.
Not to worry about us.
Atreus, I…
I miss her too.
You know this.
I thought I “knew very little.”
The final bone.
Yeah.
We might as well return them to the Spirit.
Maybe he will keep his word, and–
I know she’s not coming back, okay!
I know.
I just…
Nevermind.
Let’s just go return the bones.
Gullveig’s bones.
What will you say to her?
To Gullveig?
Your mother.
What have you left unsaid?
I…
I guess I… I just want to know if she’s okay.
She is dead, boy.
I know that!
I…
You don’t understand.
Neither do you.
Feh.
What would you say to mom?
It is pointless to think about.
But you have thought about it, haven’t you?
Atreus.
Enough.
But don’t you –
I SAID ENOUGH.
I’d tell her that we’re both okay. Not to worry about us.
Atreus, I…
I miss her too.
You know this.
I thought I “knew very little.”
The final bone.
Yeah.
We might as well return them to the Spirit.
Maybe he will keep his word, and–
I know she’s not coming back, okay!
I know.
I just…
Nevermind.
Let’s go return the bones.
I wonder why Gullveig’s bones are all over the place?
For desecration, typically.
Pieces of scattered corpse make for a piss poor soul.
No hope for Valhalla or Helheim when your arm’s on one beach and your head’s on another.
Why not ask the Spirit?
I am sure he will be forthcoming with answers.
Spirit, why are Gullveig’s bones scattered around these beaches?
She was…
too pure.
Too beautiful. Too,
too…
charming.
She inspired great jealousy amongst others,
and they desecrated her poor body.
Please!
My fair Gullveig…
this realm suffers without her spirit.
Gullveig’s magic can help you, child! Find her!
They are searching for you, Gullveig…
You will soon show them the power of the Seiðr…
Her bones, child! Find her bones!
Gullveig will show you… She will reunite you….
Once Gullveig is reborn,
I may finally know rest.
We have collected the rest of your woman’s corpse, Spirit.
Show us this magic you have promised.
Ahhh!
My sweet Gullveig…
whole again.
Rise, dear Gullveig.
AWAKEN, OH POWERFUL GULLVEIG!
Evni ykkarr biðjast…
She says she will honor our request!
Eldi-fagnað…
And reunite us…
Inn dauðr!!!
Uh oh.
What?
OK…
You were right.
Alright.
Say it.
“I told you so.”
I told you so.
“You are naïve, foolish boy.”
This is true as well.
But do not take your disappointment out on me, boy.
Take it as a lesson.
Yes, sir.
Swords clash…
blood rains… we pull Gefjon’s plow… I wait alone for what?
Odin’s wrath… …and Brisngir burns with a mighty vengeance… and I wait alone.
Eternal wisdom… Eternal suffering…
Endless joy… Tormenting… Waiting.
That was… odd.
Warrior!
I need your help.
Please.
Please… I need only a moment…
Please… I’m desperate…
My brot
her… he’s dead, and doesn’t realize it.
He’ll never rest until he knows the truth, but I…
I can’
t
bring myself to give him the bad news. Will you tell him for me?
No.
Father!
My brother and I possess powerful talismans.
If you tell him for me, you can have mine.
Please… His spirit haunts one of the beaches on the lake.
My brother and I possess powerful talismans.
If you tell him for me, you can have mine.
Please… His spirit haunts one of the surrounding islands.
Please!
My brother and I possess powerful talismans.
If you tell him for me, you can have mine.
Please… Find him!
His brother must be that spirit we saw spouting nonsense earlier.
Why don’t we just help him for free?
His task is a distraction.
If the reward helps us on our journey, then it is fair trade for our effort.
Yeah.
Know your worth,
boy.
And it’s not like he can use it anymore…
Maybe it’s better he doesn’t know the truth. What if he doesn’t take it well?
Anticipate the worst.
Always.
Then I’ll just be miserable all the time.
But ready for the worst.
I wait alone for what?
I don’t know, but your brother sent us to tell you something.
He—
Ugh, I don’t know how to say this.
The body at your feet…
it is your own.
You were killed long ago.
Killed..?
This waking dream…
is death.
It was my brot
her… he did this to me.
No, he’s dead too.
He just wanted you to know the truth—
Why did you tell me?!
LEAVE ME.
And tell my brother we are kin no longer.
Sooo…
what do we tell his brother?
The truth.
Truth didn’t work for us just now.
A reward waits for us, either way.
You found my brother?
Yeah…
he got upset when we told him you were both dead.
I… am dead?
Of course.
Oh… I didn’t realize… he didn’t realize… Now I feel dumb.
But richer for it.
Hey,
think this is related to that angry warrior spirit?
Perhaps.
I said LEAVE ME!
I know,
but… we found this.
It looks someone was paid to kill both you and your brother… and to make it look like you killed
each other.
Is it true?
I wait alone… for truth.
I love when it all works out for them.
Come and face me, God of Thunder!
I will not rest until you pay for what you’ve done!
Are you too scared to fight me?
Coward!
Face me, God of Thunder!
Coward!
Your challenges mean nothing to the gods, spirit.
They do not listen.
Do not mock my pursuit of vengeance.
Though my family devoted their lives to worshipping Thor, I’ve devoted mine to his downfall.
And I will start with that statue looming over my father’s grave.
Unlikely.
You are dead.
Is there something we can do?
—for a reward, of course.
If you bring down the statue,
you have my blessing to loot my father’s grave.
He rests on an island to the east.
If you bring down the statue,
you have my blessing to loot my father’s grave.
He rests on an island near here.
Why do you hate Thor so much?
After my father passed, my mother built the statue to watch over his grave.
Imagine our surprise when the God of Thunder himself came to offer condolences!
At first we were thrilled,
but he quickly took advantage of our hospitality.
My mother begged him to leave, and Thor, in his drunken rage, killed her.
I was left with nothing but grief.
Eventually, I lost that as well…
and found only rage in its place.
I… I’m so sorry.
Come boy. We have a statue to destroy.
Father, didn’t the spirit say it was the other statue of Thor?
That spirit…
The one whose Mom was killed by Thor?
What about him?
Let his story be a reminder.
The lives of Men mean nothing to the gods.
I know, father.
“You know.”
But do you listen?
Yes.
Hrm. Good.
That island…
Is that another statue of Thor?
There’s a Thor statue on that island… That must be where the spirit’s father is buried.
Well, here it is.
It’s gotta have a weak point,
somewhere…
Hmph. Yes we have.
It’s gotta have a weak point, somewhere…
There it goes!
How was he planning on doing this himself?
It looks about ready to topple over.
Take that, Thor! Ha,
he wasn’t so tough.
Gods do not fall this easily, boy.
I know, I know. I was just joking.
Nor are they a joking matter.
Sorry.
His father’s grave. Find anything good?
Perhaps…
Father… we’re going to bring down that statue… right?
We’re really just going to loot his grave and leave?!
Father,
why do the gods cause so much trouble for us?
Father,
why do the gods cause so much trouble for mortals?
Because that is their nature.
But…
with all that power…
You would think at least SOME of them would try to make life better for people.
And yet, the gods continue to spread misery.
This is life, boy.
Hmm. Well, at least WE’RE doing some good, right?
Hmph.
My father’s grave lies on an island to the east.
Do not mistake my mother’s statue of Thor with that monstrous eyesore to the south.
My father’s grave lies on an island near here.
Do not mistake my mother’s statue of Thor with that monstrous eyesore in the lake.
My father was buried with a valuable family heirloom.
It is yours,
if you help me.
I cannot rest while my mother’s murderer stands above my father’s grave.
You there!
Have you destroyed the statue?
The statue stands no longer, Spirit.
Then my bond to this realm is severed,
and I am off to find the real God of Thunder.
He will know retribution.
My deepest gratitude.
Off he goes.
Brave guy, going to look for Thor on his own.
He is a fool.
Talk to this here ring.
Ha! Knew it.
What about all his stuff?
Andvari had a workshop here with all sorts a posh doo-dads and ornatery tools.
And one beaut of a hammer!
He make mention if it still in there?
…Yer point?
You fellers take Andvari with you and go have a look-see.
If’n you find his hammer, I’ll whip up something REAL nice fer ya!
Hey now, don’t go forgettin’ your Entry Stone!
Uh, what?
I can’t hear thoughts from rings, Brok.
It’s talking to me! It’s Andvari!
He says he went to the Völunder Mines to,
“…observe his mistake.”?
But then the soul-eater attacked.
So as he was being ripped apart, he cast a spell that removed his soul and put it in this ring!
And then he—
Uh…huh?
Ohh… you’re upsetting him.
Ho there! Got another favor to ask you two.
Don’tcha got nothing in your shriveled hearts for Brok?
I got needs.
Help me and I might fry up a sausage for you.
What do you want, Dwarf?
I got another lead on my ol’ pal Andvari.
Meet me at the Landsuther Mines? There’s sum fancy-dancy loot in it for you.
Another lead?
But we already found him.
Well… found his hand, anyways.
I’ll explain at the Mines.
These ones is just south of the River Pass. Now you two want somethin’,
or you just gonna stand there, all gag-scrapped and slack-jawed?
Well, lookey who decided to show?
Sure, keep yer ol’ pal Brok waitin, not like he’s got nuthin’ better to do!
Pulled the ring offa Andvari’s hand at the Völunder Mines. Feller was always tamperin’ with souls,
and dark rituals and matters of the night, see?
Just the sound of his hammer flattenin’ metal were enough to stoke my fires all blissful.
Shit, you better clear out a’fore I get all frisky.
You two goin’ in or what?
What’s got you all bumfuzzled over there? Get goin’!
Andvari isn’t happy about us taking his stuff.
I do not care.
I do not care.
He says that a hive of Dark Ones moved in after he and his crew left.
That does not concern me.
I’m not gonna tell him that!
Andvari says this Dwarf was part of his crew.
That he died because of his mistakes.
He sounds…
sad.
The ring’s grief is of little importance, boy.
Oohh… he did not like that.
He’s warning us not to go down there.
Stop listening to the ring, boy. It cannot be trusted.
He says this chest will trigger a bunch of traps.
I see no traps.
He sounded so sure about it…
Yeah, right.
Silence that ring, boy!
I don’t know how!
A Soul Eater…
And a Traveler.
Guard up.
Hmm… a dead Soul Eater…
What’s a Soul Eater even doing here?
What do you mean, “It’s your fault”?
Boy. Ignore him.
It’s sort of tough for me to ignore.
Andvari says his workshop is up there.
But, I know, I know…
don’t trust a talking ring.
Boy…
Father, please. Just listen.
Andvari’s crew did something bad here.
He’s glad you destroyed his lab, and he’s sorry he kept trying to trick us.
His hammer is just through this gate.
Can we keep him?
We will talk to the blue one.
Hrmm… This is a fine hammer.
Andvari says, thank you!
You two find that hammer? Or you too busy lootin’ every keyhole and cranny?
Well, don’t just stand there, you pimple-drippers! What’d ya find?!
How did it go in there?
You two find that hammer or not?
Here.
The Alchemist’s Hammer.
His spirit is a nuisance.
Ha!
Andvari always was an asshole.
Helluvan Alchemist though.
Hand him over and I’ll melt him down.
What? You’re going to melt down your friend?
A trapped soul’s what I need to give your reward some extra oomph.
You don’t want it?
Father… we can’t do that! Here, you hold onto him. He’s really useful, I promise!
(resigned sigh)… Fine. So long as he proves his worth.
Kid’s a bit of a softy, eh?
Well, he’ll grow out of it.
This is the son.
This sigil.
It matches the dagger we found in his father’s back.
He stood his ground, but it was not enough.
He thought himself ready to lead.
It cost him his life.
Yes.
They used it to smash his face in.
That ghost’s son? How do you know?
They betrayed him…
…I guess…
The whetstone!
They did? Ew…
Betrayal begets betrayal.
My guess, the young one murdering his da’ didn’t sit well with the others.
Look there, lad. By his feet.
I have more information on that whetstone I mentioned earlier…
I have a favor to ask. Just a small favor, really.
I’d happily reward you for looking into this for me.
Do you remember the dagger you gave me?
The dagger stabbed into the reaver’s back?
Whose own son killed him?
Yeah,
I haven’t forgotten that one.
Well,
I traced it to a group of Reavers that operate out of the Northri Stronghold.
I’d wager that’s where they took their haul from Fáfnir’s Storeroom.
Along with that whetstone…
that I could use…
to help you?
Hrnnn.
Another treasure hunt.
Pointless.
Well,
not if Sindri really can make us better equipment with that whetstone.
Plus…
the reaver’s son.
He MURDERED his father!
Once you retrieve the whetstone, please take utmost care while handling it.
It is a priceless relic, after all.
I still can’t believe a son would kill his own father. That’s crazy, right?
I know… We only got one side of the story,
but come on!
His own father? I mean… I get angry at you sometimes, but—
Do you?
Do you?
I mean,
sometimes, yeah, a little.
But I’d never stab you in the back.
No…
I imagine not.
This clan really didn’t want anyone coming in. How’re we supposed to get through?
There must be a way to lift the gate.
Maybe with the big water wheel…
My thought as well.
When are you angry?
What?
With me. When?
Oh.
I guess,
sometimes, when you don’t I think can do something…
but I can.
It is not always easy to know one’s…
It’s okay. I get it. I’m little.
Where’s that whetstone, I wonder?
What happened over there?
I wonder why they left this whetstone behind.
If Sindri wants it,
it must be really useful.
Well lad, reavers have very specific priorities.
If it’s not shiny, and you can’t eat or drink it,
might as well use it as a blunt object.
Lads, I think there’s a way inside this vessel.
This says:
“False Leader.”
I’ve seen it written all over this place…
There’s a scroll here.
It belonged to the son! Wow, this goes on and on…
It belonged to the son!
Wow,
this goes on and on…
Father forgive me… filled with remorse… regret my actions…
hmm.
Father forgive me… filled with remorse…
regret my actions…
hmm.
Had he thought before taking action… There would be no need for regret, yes?
Yeah.
Maybe we should bring this to his father,
back at the Storeroom?
Hrmph.
How’d it go at the Stronghold?
You didn’t happen to find the whetstone, perchance?
We found your whetstone.
Oh,
wonderful!
This staining is unusual…
The reavers used it to smash another reaver’s face in!
Oh.
Wonderful.
Here,
for your trouble.
I can’t wait to test out the new whetstone. It may not look like much… but it’s practically humming with magic.
I’ve needed a new one after my brother borrowed the last one.
I saw him
spit on it.
“To lube it up!” he said.
I didn’t ask for it back.
Veiðadauðr.
It means, “Hunting Death.”
Great.
Veithurgard:
Southern Outpost of the Dwarven King.
Dwarven… King?
Have you ever heard of a Dwarven King?
No.
I’d heard rumors of a powerful Dwarf ruling over some poor sods not far from here.
Not that you asked me.
Hey Brok,
you ever hear of a Dwarf King?
I s’pose you’re talking ’bout Motsògnir?
Sumbitch ruled over the humans once lived in this area.
Built hisself a castle just north o’ here.
A Dwarven castle? What’s it like?
You got yourself a pair a eyes and legs, aintcha?
Might wanna stock up ’fore you head that way, though…
Ol’ Motsògnir’s known fer collecting all manner of Killering Creatures…
Not sure who’s lookin’ after ’em now.
What happened to these people?
Follow the clues.
Okay,
well,
scorch marks.
They’re all grouped together…
so maybe they were hiding from some kind of fire-breather?
But they died anyways.
Okay,
well, scorch marks.
They’re all grouped together…
so maybe they were hiding from some kind of fire-breather?
But they died anyways.
Good.
“Curse the Dwarf King,
Bane of Mankind”
Sounds like he wasn’t a very good king. I wonder why they hated him so much.
Sounds like he wasn’t a very good king.
They are dead now.
Does it matter?
No… I’m just curious.
Curiosity is dangerous, boy. Stay focused.
Wow…
How do you even begin to build statues this big?
Dwarves are resourceful creatures. Annoying,
but resourceful.
I guess they must have been pretty important Dwarves.
Do you hear that?
That sounds like a dragon!
Is that a dragon?! I’ve never seen one so close!
It is a dragon! Is this one chained up too?
Watch out for the Dragon breath!
I am aware of it, boy!
A chained dragon.
Mother used to tell me stories…
Can we help him?
This Dragon is dangerous.
I guess so…
But it sounds so sad.
Not sure where you get “sad” from all the roaring and fire-breathing, lad.
Another chained dragon.
With more Dragon Tears.
Eyes open for the shrines.
Yes, sir!
The dragon shrine…
Mother had a story about three chained dragons in Midgard.
This shrine must be related.
There were three runes on the pedestal…
We’ve gotta find the other two and free him!
We’ve gotta find the other two and free him!
It does not concern us.
I know, but… It’s what Mother would have wanted. And it just seems right.
Guard your emotions, boy.
Your enemies will not hesitate to use them against you.
Yes, sir.
That’s one down! Two more to go.
I thought you said it’d be dangerous to destroy the other ones…
If it was your Mother’s wish…
Yea!
You are too eager, boy. It may attack us, and we will be forced to kill it.
Oh…
Good point.
I’ll be ready.
Hmph. We will see.
Just one shrine left.
That’s the last one.
I guess now we find out if dragons can be grateful or not.
That’s all of them! Time to go collect some tears.
Please don’t eat us,
please don’t eat us…
Boy! Prepare yourself!
Huh…
You’re welcome!
What is that?
I do not know…
I have never seen such material.
I bet Brok or Sindri would know!
You’re friendly too, right?
Boy…
They sure are beautiful creatures,
don’t you think?
Hmph.
Not very many graves here…
This must’ve been a small settlement.
Draugr.
Dragon. Troll.
Hmm…
some kind of list?
Of monsters?
It is known as a “Bestiary.”
Best – ee – airy.
Neat.
Oh… I guess this was actually a pretty big settlement.
No longer.
Hey, look at this.
It says, “Fallen Hunters.
Motsògnir’s Folly.”
All these dead. From hunting.
Folly indeed.
Looks like the runes on the right side fell off…
They must be around here, somewhere.
There’s one!
Aaand the other. This should be easy to solve now.
What do they say, boy?
Trùa.
It means… “to believe,”
or, “to have faith in.”
So they still had faith in their king…
even after he got so many of them killed?
It is a command…
to have faith despite his failures.
Wow, look at this place.
A ruin.
Well, yea.
But if a Dwarf built it,
it must have been impressive back when he ruled.
Hmm…
The Dwarf King made his subjects hunt dragons and other monsters for him…
Some king, huh?
Uh, Father?
You may want to see this.
Looks like that lever over there will free him.
He will attack.
I know, but…
It feels wrong to keep something caged like this.
Hmph. Your emotions again, boy?
You can’t hear their thoughts. I can.
Ignore them. And…
Ready yourself.
OKAY!
Whew…
What is the beast thinking now?
Well, nothing.
But he was grateful to die in battle,
instead of rotting in a cage.
Your skill is improving.
You fought well, Atreus.
Thank you, father.
Ah, fresh air feels good.
Oh, right, the dragon…
Guess we should take care of that…
So…
What happened to all the people who lived here?
Follow the clues, boy.
Right, right, follow the clues.
Okay. So. There was an Evil Dwarf King.
And he made all these people hunt monsters.
The people put them in cages… and then…
And then I don’t know.
Hmm… We are missing a clue.
Back inside the castle?
No.
There is nothing more for us inside.
But stay alert for chained dragons, boy.
Perhaps you’ll uncover more about this Dwarf King.
So you’re interested now?
No.
But the dragon tears are valuable.
Huh. Of COURSE that’s why.
Hey, look,
a torch.
A torch is built with wood.
That is a brazier.
A “brazier.”
Hmm.
Looks like there’s something written on it.
Want me to read it?
“Brenna”
“Kveikja”
“Kveikja”
“Kveikja”
“Kveikja”
“Kveikja”
“Kveikja”
“Kveikja”
“Kveikja”
“Kveikja”
Well fought, you two!
What is that?
A Spirit.
It’s talking to us!
And it hears you as well!
Don’t be shy, now.
Hey, it’s another spirit.
Come, now. I don’t bite!
Aren’t you even a little intrigued?
You’re…
dead?
You’re very perceptive!
And reckless.
Take caution when lighting these Braziers. Seiðr and Helwalkers will swarm to the flames like moths.
I assume we have you to thank for freeing us from a watery grave.
Us?
Other spirits.
The Lake of Nine is full of ’em!
Most are able to move on from this realm,
but we “lucky” few are stuck here in Midgard
until our affairs are in order.
Perhaps you can help them as well?
We have no desire to help you, Spirit.
Ah, but you already have!
I only wished to see the sky again.
Farewell.
Hello there!
Hello, young one!
Take caution when lighting these Braziers. Seiðr and Helwalkers will swarm to the flames likes moths.
I assume we have you to thank for freeing us from a watery grave.
Us?
Other spirits.
The Lake of Nine is full of ’em!
Most are able to move on from this realm,
but we “lucky” few are stuck here in Midgard
until our affairs are in order.
Perhaps you can help them as well?
We have no desire to help you, Spirit.
Ah, but you already have!
I only wished to see the sky again.
Farewell.
Whoah. He disappeared!
Come.
Let us not be distracted.
So,
I guess we should keep an eye out for other Spirits.
What did I say about distractions?
But it sounds like they needed help.
They are Spirits, boy.
Dead things. They have no needs. Only wants.
It feels wrong to ignore them.
You will get over these feelings.
Mom would have wanted to help them…
What was that, boy?
Nothing!
I thought as much.
Have you learned nothing from Alfheim?
I…
I…
We have one goal:
To reach the peak of the mountain and spread your mother’s ashes.
Anything that does not serve that goal is a distraction.
We have one goal: To reach Jötunheim.
Anything that does not serve that goal is a distraction.
Our only concern is to go home, Atreus.
Anything that does not serve that goal is a distraction.
Hey, it’s another brazier.
I suppose you wish to light it.
Can I?
“Kveikja”
I don’t believe it. Are you both… alive?
Another Spirit!
Yes. Another Spirit.
Are you really there?
Or did I just imagine that?
Please… it’s been so many winters since I had someone to talk to…
Hello!
I can’t remember the last time I saw something walk these islands that wasn’t dead or corrupted.
What do you mean?
The Desolation, child.
It plagues this land,
growing more severe with each passing winter.
Do you know its cause?
Not for certain, but
I suspect the appearance of the World Serpent…
along with the Great Flood that followed.
Many were drowned, myself among them.
The dead began to walk not long after.
Do you need anything from us?
Boy!
I only wished to speak to someone again—
a wish you have just granted.
Thank you.
That was easy!
That was easy!
Boy. What did I tell you about offering help?
“Don’t.”
“Don’t.”
Correct.
But can’t we just—
This is not a debate.
You must learn focus.
Our journey need be your only concern.
But what if they can help us? That one seemed to know a little about the lake.
And how does that help us with our goal?
We won’t know unless we ask!
Well?
Well what?
The brazier?
If you must.
“Kveikja”
Ha ha! Well done, boys!
Never thought I’d see a scrap like that again.
C’mere and let me thank you proper.
Come on… you’re not afraid of a harmless spirit, are ya?
What do you want?
To thank you!
These dead Reavers drowned me many winters ago,
and I’ve been itching to see ‘em get theirs.
So you died after all the flooding?
Indeed.
I came to the Lake of Nine to pillage Týr’s Temple.
But I underestimated the severity of the Desolation.
Have you seen other men?
Living?
A bearded one with tattoos?
Only the one standing in front of me!
Thank you both for avenging my death.
Useless.
Well,
we can’t expect them ALL to know something useful.
Maybe the next one will have more information.
Maybe the next one will have more information.
Keep your expectations low, boy.
Spirits are rarely useful.
How do they even exist?
When you sever a man from his life, it is not always a clean cut.
So you’ve met other spirits?
Yes. Many.
What were they like?
Annoying.
I think this is the last one.
Might as well, right?
Fine.
“Kveikja”
You! I must speak with you!
Another Spirit who wants something from us.
How unexpected.
Please! I need your help!
Please!
What’s wrong?
I came to this lake with a group of tradesmen, seeking refuge from the Desolation.
But how could we know it was even worse at the Lake of Nine!?
We cannot undo your mistakes, Spirit.
I know that.
But I fear for my captain and crew.
I believe they are still under the water.
Will you find them for me?
Well…
Boy…
Is there anything you can offer us in return?
I…
I have little to offer….
Oh…
Well, I’m not sure…
Wait!
I died wearing a valuable family heirloom.
It’s yours, if you promise to find my crew.
Deal!
Thank you.
You are learning.
It sounds like the Desolation killed or corrupted everything.
Are we the only living people left?
We have encountered others in our journey.
I guess so…
but not many.
There are other lands than these, boy.
Why didn’t you or Mom ever tell me about the Desolation?
I won’t speak for your mother… But it was never my concern. Nor should it be yours.
Doesn’t it concern us if everything around us is dying?
Our only concern is reaching the peak.
Our only concern is reaching Jötunheim.
Our only concern is going home.
Really?
Then why are we exploring all these islands?
The resources we find improve our equipment.
If we stray from the path, it is only to prepare ourselves for the journey ahead.
I can live with that if it means we keep exploring.
And helping others.
This must be the shipwreck the last Spirit mentioned.
Then his reward is near.
Hmm…
Very nice.
See?
Sometimes it pays to help others!
Hmph.
Only if they pay,
boy.
Well, I’m glad we decided to go exploring. I bet there’s even more to discover!
There is a passage behind this throne.
A secret passage!
Motsògnir…
Well, it wouldn’t be a proper throne room without a secret passage.
My brother n’ me got a new project. Come see us at the Temple if it so please you.
We’ve got a new recipe for ya at the Temple, if’n yer interested.
Come see me and my brother at the Temple sometime.
Brok and I are working on something special for you at the Temple.
Brok and I have been working on a new project at the Temple. Come visit soon!
Come visit Brok and I at the Temple sometime!
My brother n’ me got a new project—
now that we’re on speaking terms.
This’ll be our best work yet. Just need a little help from you lot.
We’re fixin’ up something REAL nice for ya. Give us hand whynot?
What do you want?
With the whetstone and hammer you’ve retrieved for us,
Brok and I can construct the Dvegræðikr;
Dwarven armor of legend!
We just needs three more mythical ingredients ’fore we set to hammerin’.
Which are…?
Which are…?
Dunno! Armor’s pure legend, and the details is fuzzier than a Wulver’s butthole.
You expect us to find parts from a legend.
Ol’ Motsògnir, The Dwarf King found two of ’em! Everyone knows that.
But when he went looking for the third…
Poof! He vanished.
Maybe you’ll find some clues at his stronghold in Konùnsgard?
And lookee here! A Konùnsgard entry stone.
It’s got yer name on it,
how fuckin’ strange.
You had that Entry Stone this whole time?! I’ve been looking everywhere for it…
The Stronghold’s northwest a’here, behind the Svartalfheim realm tower.
The Stronghold’s south a’here, behind the Svartalfheim realm tower.
Large stone structure, creepy atmosphere…
you’ll know it when you see it.
The Huldra Brothers, back in action again!
Oh, I can’t wait to get started.
Never think I’d see such a day we was back to buildin’ as a duo.
But it feels right, ’specially for this.
…been so used to buildin’ on my own all these years.
Almost forgot how dang useful an extra pair ’a hands is.
I forgot how much easier it is to smelt skap slag with someone else gauging the temperature!
Konùnsgard…
That must be that creepy castle we saw earlier
with the chained up Dragon outside.
And fierce enemies.
Yeah… probably wouldn’t hurt to make sure we’re prepared before going back.
It is good to see you learning, Atreus.
I’m glad Brok and Sindri were able to work out their differences.
Now they are twice as irritating.
Aw…
I think it’s nice to see them trust each other again.
Greetings! And welcome to Konùnsgard.
What is this place?
This land was once ruled over by Mótsognir, the infamous Dwarven King.
His Stronghold still stands,
but good luck getting in;
there’s all kinds of nasty beasties between here and there.
That, and the front entrance is locked.
Don’t ask me about the third Entry Stone.
I don’t want to talk about it.
Oookayyy….
We could only find two Entry Stones.
Do you know where the third one?
We could only find two Entry Stones. Do you know where the third—
I told you not to ask!
(growls) You will tell us where the stone is.
I CAN’T, okay?
I LOST it.
Are you happy now?
No.
Check back in with me later.
Maybe it will turn up?
I just want to make sure you’re good and prepared before heading in any further.
There’s all manner of nastiness left over from the Mad Dwarf King’s foul practices.
What kind of practices?
Oh…
various…
sacrificing, dark enchantments, blood magic and so forth…
quite common among the older Dwarves, unfortunately.
Old habits are hard to break.
Hopefully you’ll find some clues about the three legendary ingredients inside this Stronghold.
Not a very welcoming place, is it?
That’s an impressive front door.
The enemies are strong here.
Keep your guard up.
This is the same Dwarf King who built the fortress in Veithurgard,
right?
Chained dragons,
caged trolls…
This Dwarf had weird taste.
Looks like it needs three entry stones.
Still won’t open? Looks like we need three…
Well,
that’s one entry stone.
This place is even bigger than Veithurgard.
Yes.
The Dwarf King’s reach appears vast.
Wonder what happened to him.
’Tis a great mystery, even amongst the Sons of Ivaldi.
Mótsognir’s behavior before his disappearance grew increasingly erratic.
Why?
The Dvegræðikr. The very armor you find yourselves searching for.
Though he found two,
I’d wager his failure to find the third ingredient drove him to madness.
Stone number two.
Mimir,
why did the Dwarf King want this armor so badly?
What’s so special about it?
There are many legends behind the Dvegræðikr.
A suspicious amount of legends,
which makes confirming anything about this particular armor difficult.
But the one constant among them is the ability of the armor to offer ultimate protection.
A useful attribute for an unpopular King, you see.
Yet this plagued land is all that remains of him.
This is why you do not trust legends, boy.
Well
what can you trust?
Yourself. Your eyes. Your instincts.
Blind trust in a legend is a gamble. And rarely does it pay off.
If you say so.
These materials must be pretty special to make a legendary armor.
This “legendary” armor better be worth the trouble.
But if Brok and Sindri are making it together, I’m sure it’s worth the effort.
Don’t you trust them, at least?
I trust you, Atreus. I do not trust the legend.
Oh.
We’re In!
Okay,
here we go!
Huh… it’s kinda run down in here.
What did you expect?
I dunno…
Less ruin, I guess?
Maybe the Throne Room’s in better shape.
Do you hear that?
No.
What do you hear, boy?
Crying…
and screams.
A large crowd of people.
Errr… just old spirits, I suppose.
Leftover victims of the Mad Dwarf’s reign. Still…
that’s rather ominous.
They’re getting louder.
They sound almost like…
Hel-Walkers!
Whoof…
that was a lot of Hel-Walkers.
Hey, look at this.
A blood trail…
His last words…
The things you pulled from him…
those must be the three mythical ingredients Brok was talking about.
I can say with utmost certainty that I’ve never laid eye on a stranger set of objects in my life.
How are Brok and Sindri supposed to build with…
whatever they are?
Don’t count the Dwarves out, lad. They’re right pricks, but they’re resourceful.
They once made an unbreakable chain out of little more than a cat’s footstep and bird spit!
That doesn’t even make sense!
Well, that’s the legend. If you wanted sense, you shouldn’t be talking to a severed head!
Those Hel-Walkers back in the throne room…
They were all the Dwarf King’s people, weren’t they?
Aye, lad.
He killed his own people?
It appears so.
I knew ol’ Mótsognir was a bit cracked, but…
that was rather extreme.
I wonder what this place looked like in better times.
Konùnsgard was a beautiful land in its heyday.
Before the Dwarf King’s obsession poisoned his mind.
How could he let that happen?
The Dwarf blindly trusted in the legend—and pursued it without thought to the consequences.
This is the result.
“Trust is a gamble,”
like you said.
And the Dwarf King lost.
We made it.
Finally.
You found the legendary materials?!
Incredible!
Oh, this is so exciting!
Meet me back at the temple and we’ll get started right away!
You boys look right beamin’.
Well… the squirt does.
Can’t see squat behind that furzelfuzz you call a beard.
We found the materials!
But they’re so weird…
How do you build a piece of armor out of something so… so…
Nunya?
Nunya?
None ’ya fuckin’ business.
Trade secret. We got our ways…
Oh…
Whoa…
Look, a dragon! But it’s chained… Is it a pet?
Do not get any ideas.
Look, it’s another dragon.
I see it, boy.
Chained…
I hope we can find the Binding Shrines.
This place is huge!
Look, a dragon!
I see it, boy.
If the Dwarf King captured more than one dragon,
he must’ve needed them to create this legendary armor…
This must be how the Dwarf King captured Dragon’s Fury—
by chaining up the dragons.
Interesting thought, lad. And it makes sense…
Nearly everything about dragons is useful, and contains power.
Teeth, scales… even excrement.
Excrement?
Ah, uh… shit.
Dragon shit is powerful?
Aye lad. Potently powerful.
The Head is having fun with you.
Oh. I knew that!
I can’t believe that chain is the only thing holding him down.
Odds are there’s a bit of magic at play here as well.
This is a Dwarven stronghold, after all.
There he is.
Or…
she is?
Are these boy or girl dragons?
I do not know.
There are a few ways to find out… but, they’re rather messy.
Er… I guess it doesn’t matter.
One shrine down.
You’d think this dragon would be a bit more supportive, seeing how we’re trying to free it.
One more to go!
You enjoy freeing them.
Well, yeah! Still seems like the right thing to do.
Last one!
Let’s go free him!
Fine.
Good luck out there!
It says,
"Glory to Mótsognir,
The Dwarf King. May his Reign be Long,
Prosperous,
and Filled with Peace”
Two out of three isn’t bad.
Did the people who lived here write this?
Strange…
I thought this king was supposed to be evil.
Evil to whom?
Sometimes it all depends where you’re standing.
Hmm… I wonder what happened to him?
Ah, Niflheim.
Not sure why anyone would want to come here,
but… here we are.
It smells bad.
Blech… what is this stuff?
This mist is cursed.
Cursed?
Quite right. Safe to breathe for a time, but it’ll kill if we linger.
Just one more reason to love Niflheim!
What is that stuff?
Weird.
Yes. A strange material.
Let’s see…
This mist is making my head hurt.
It’s also slowly killing you, lad.
Quiet, Head.
I’m just saying… priorities!
Ah,
fancy seeing you two here!
I’m surprised you’re here, Sindri. This mist is pretty gross.
You think I can’t handle a little cursed mist? Well,
you’re right!
I’m trying to build some armor that will lessen its effects.
The materials I need are all right here in Ivaldi’s Workshop, but…
they’re blanketed by this nauseating mist, of course.
Wait for it…
The last known location for such armor is in the Workshop’s center chamber.
The entrance is sealed, but I could craft you an Entry Stone with enough Mist Echoes.
There it is.
I wouldn’t recommend staying in the mist for too long.
That stench will stick to your hair, your weapons, your armor…
and I will NOT touch your gear until you burn all the tiny beasties off in the fires of Muspelheim.
Also, it will kill you.
You shouldn’t have much trouble finding Mist Echoes inside the Workshop.
Staying alive on the other hand…
Ivaldi sure did a number on this place.
Not that there was much to see before…
Still, the Echoes remain, ready for plunder.
Just make sure you give yourself enough time while you’re hunting for Echoes.
I know you two get carried away, breaking pots and looting corpses.
There’s something written here…
This whole place shuffles around each time we leave? That’s incredible!
Atreus—focus.
This is a dangerous place.
That’s Dwarven creativity for you. Impressive and dangerous.
That must be the center chamber.
We should return to the Dwarf.
There will be valuable resources within that chamber.
How do you know that?
Intuition and experience.
Ooo. Looks like you found enough echoes.
AND you’re not dead!
Very impressive.
Sindri, how do you make anything out of mist?
Odd as it sounds, the Dwarves who lived here could craft marvels out of the mists of Niflheim.
But that was a long time ago.
Keep an eye out for more Mist Echoes.
I could put them to all sorts of use.
Blech,
this mist makes my skin crawl.
Are you okay, Father?
I am fine, boy.
But we must be quick.
Alright, we’re in!
The mist is thinner up here.
That’s nice.
Is that the armor?
It looks kinda run down…
Can you wear it?
No. It is too small, and too old.
We will bring it back to the Dwarf.
Is that what I think it is?
Useless armor?
Useless?!
Oh ye of little faith, this armor was worn by Ivaldi himself!
Sure, it’s seen better days…
but I can restore it with more Mist Echoes,
and it’ll help with the effects of Ivaldi’s Curse.
Unless there is something of value in this Workshop, there is little point in staying here.
You saw all the chests in the center chamber, yes?
Plus all the goodies tucked away towards the back of the workshop.
AND the three Realm Tears, of course.
But… might want to be careful with those.
Why’s that?
It’s a literal tear in the fabric of reality itself!
You wanna reach your hand through there?
Be my guest.
Seriously, BE CAREFUL with those Realm Tears.
Supposedly, the Realm Tears contain some kind of terrible secret Ivaldi wanted hidden.
But who knows, really? Dwarves are strange. And
yes, I realize I’M a Dwarf.
Need a fresh upgrade before tackling the Realm Tears?
Not that I condone such an action, mind you.
The spinning blades were Ivaldi’s favorite.
I always thought them a bit garish.
I see you’re actually ENJOYING Ivaldi’s workshop?
You’ve certainly spent enough time here.
We have enough Mist Echoes to open one of those Tears. Should we do it?
Very impressive, lads.
I’m kinda surprised we made it out of that one!
Time for the second Realm Tear?
You two just can’t get enough, can you?
Phew!
That was rough!
This third one’s gonna be bad. I can feel it.
You did it! You sealed all three of the Realm Tears. How do you feel?
Like my fingers are about to fall off!
You have come a long way, Atreus.
This was no easy feat.
You should feel pride.
I do! …
Thank you, Father.
Hey Sindri, guess what? We closed all the Realm Tears!
You… what?
No you did not. You really did?
No way.
Yes huh! It took forever, but we sealed ’em all up.
I don’t believe it.
The strength you would need…
It is no boast.
No, I suppose you aren’t the type. Well… not much else I can say besides, “Thank you.”
Ivaldi and Sons would thank you too, were they here.
(coughs) Father, the curse!
(coughs) We should get out of here!
(coughs) This mist is killing us!
(coughs) We need some air, fast!
Brother, you’re fading fast!
You two don’t look so good…
Might want to start heading to a mist-free area.
Brother, the curse!
Brother, it’s time to go!
Wow, what a haul!
Nice! That should help us out.
Wow! That one had a ton!
Whoah, look at all those Mist Echoes!
Good find!
What is this place?
You are standing at the entrance to Ivaldi’s Workshop;
a testament to the ingenuity of Dwarven engineering.
Why does it smell so bad?
It is quite foul, isn’t it?
Well, that’s a long story. But uhhh. quite simply;
Ivaldi messed with forces he shouldn’t have, and you’re breathing the consequences.
So,
Ivaldi created this mist?
No no, Niflheim has always been a land of mist.
And snow. ENDLESS snow. And…and wind. And…and ice. Really, it’s never been a pleasant location.
But Ivaldi found a way to harness all that frosty power,
and built marvels that shocked the realms of both man and god.
Wow.
Yes,
“Wow.”
So then what happened?
Hmm?
After Ivaldi built all the marvels.
Ah yes, well…
Odin wasn’t keen on the idea of dwarves building contraptions that challenged his power.
So he intervened.
Ivaldi was furious, and retaliated. From there, things…
escalated – and well,
here we are!
Cursed mist!
And this is why gods are best avoided.
Ah, Fáfnir! I always wondered what became of him.
You know this dragon?
Yes;
although he wasn’t a dragon when I knew him.
What do you mean?
What was he?
A Dwarf! A greedy little bugger.
Not so little anymore.
Perhaps we should keep an eye out for binding shrines and free the poor bastard, aye lads?
Ah, Fáfnir!
I always wondered what became of him.
Wait; Fáfnir?
Like, Fáfnir’s Storeroom Fáfnir?
The very one.
But Sindri said he was a Dwarf!
He was!
And now he’s a dragon.
Funny how life works, innit?
He’s chained up…
Perhaps we should keep an eye out for binding shrines and free the poor bastard, aye lads?
How did your friend become a dragon, Mimir?
Oh, he’s no friend of mine.
This little scrote was a constant source of annoyance amongst Aesir and Vanir alike.
Then why free him?
Trust the recently liberated, brother; No one deserves to be held captive like this.
Even a greedy little Dwarf-come-dragon.
You never answered the boy’s question, Head;
how did this Dwarf become a dragon?
Well, I don’t know for certain; though I’d wager his penchant for stealing magical artifacts had
something to do with it. Must’ve stolen a trinket from the wrong Vanir goddess.
Time to set him free.
Think he’ll remember you?
I don’t know, lad. A lot’s changed since we last crossed paths. I had legs!
There you go, you wee little bugger.
Be free.
Well! Turning dragon hasn’t done much for his personality.
That troll was Dauði Kaupmadr,
the Death Merchant.
Mother taught me about all the trolls.
She said they were evil and meant nothing but harm to anything living.
I think I know why.
No one is safe with trolls running around.
That was Brenna Dauði,
the Burning Death.
I think I understand why they call him that now.
Frost Trolls.
I really don’t like Frost Trolls.
That was one of the worst of the Frost Trolls,
Marthok Stormbjorn.
Mother said he fought Thor once AND lived to tell about it.
If Thor couldn’t beat him,
guess that means we are really strong.
The Stonebeard King.
He said he was un-killable.
Guess he was wrong.
We are the ones who are un-killable.
All I sense from them is hate.
So much hate.
I don’t hate them as much as they hate us.
You killed the Son of Hel?
From the stories mother told me,
that could not have been easy.
I can’t believe we just fought Grendel of the Mountain.
Even mother did not think he was real.
These trolls are big, but they’re all less than us, aren’t they? We’re better than them.
Whew,
that was not easy—
but take two more off the list.
Deaths Heart.
I wonder…
if their names were different,
maybe the trolls wouldn’t be so angry.
I’m glad this one is dead. He was the Death Eater, mother said he was known for… well… you know.
Gross.
Death’s Hammer.
Mother told me once that he would burn entire forests just to hear the animals die.
I hate trolls.
I see you hate trolls as much as me.
You end up killing all them trolls, you come back and see me.
I’ll make you something special.
Hey, I got a bounty on the trolls. You manage to kill all them filthy fuckers, come back and see
me. I’ll make sure something good comes out of it.
Still a few more trolls left.
Take care of my troll problem, yet?
Almost got all them trolls. Keep at it!
You got ’em all?
Good. World’s better without ’em.
I told you, something good came out all that work.
Trolls make great armor.
Horrible fucking beasts. But great armor.
What do we do with that?
Hmm… We will show it to the Dwarves.
What did the Spirit leave us?
An offering to one of the gods.
Can we use it?
No.
But perhaps the Dwarves can.
Hey Brok, we found something interesting.
Didja now? Well color me interested.
Hey Brok, could you take a look at this?
Whatcha got for ol’ Brok?
Hey Brok, we found something –
Lemme guess: Something I can build with?
How’d I know?
Hey Brok!
Take a look at this thing!
Phrasing!
Huh?
Oh, never you mind. Whatcha got?
Hey Sindri, we found something interesting.
Oh really? I love something interesting.
Hey Sindri,
could you take a look at this?
Honestly?
I don’t have much else going on right now.
Hey Sindri, we found something –
Armor piece?
Ohh I hope it’s a new armor piece.
Hey Sindri, check this out!
My, we’re excited to spend some Hacksilver, aren’t we?
Týr woulda been pleased as peaches knowin’ these offerins were bein turnt to armor.
Did you know him?
What was he like?
Never you mind, boy.
Týr’s dead.
Best not to dig up the past.
The Dwarf speaks wisely.
For once.
Ah, Offerings to Týr. These are quite rare, you know.
Why?
Well, you know Odin… Not the biggest fan of Týr.
I thought he’d destroyed all of these.
WHOAH –
you killed an Ancient?
Yes.
Was it…
difficult?
Yes.
Is that…
all you’re gonna give me?
…Yes.
Holy Heimdall! Do you know what this is?
The heart of an Ancient.
The heart of an – Oh. Yeah. Well… That’s what it is.
It wasn’t easy to kill.
Oh really? Giant monster made outta rocks don’t go down easy?
Shocker.
Ughff, the Travelers. Woahgff, Disgusting.
Ughff, Smelly. Covered in god knows how many little beasties. But…
gorgeous armor!
Let’s see if I can’t make something more sanitary,
yes?
See you boys ran afoul of some Travelers.
Or them Travelers ran afoul of you, more like…
Who are they?
What do they want?
Dunno!
BOY you ask a lot a questions.
Oooh well lookey-here! A Smolderin’ Ember!
What is it?
You get lava in your ears, boy? I just toldya; a SMOLDERIN’ EMBER.
More’n likely from Surtr hisself.
Tell you what;
I’mma build some armor with it.
Hoo, that’s hot! Why’s that so hot?!
It’s from Muspelheim!
Oh! Well, that answers that.
You want me to build something out of it?
Been putzing around Niflheim, have we?
How can you tell?
I’d recognize Ivaldi’s stench o’ failure anywhere. Plus, you still got some mist on yer shoes.
Kveikja!
Well…
worth a shot.
Týr’s Braziers — a symbol of the light that binds all realms together.
Why would he use those strange runes, though?
Now that you mention it…
he wouldn’t.
Hmm…
Ah! I can read what this says now… but… it’s a name.
Gunnr!
Olrun!
Geirdriful!
Kara!
Ròta!
Eir!
Göndul!
Hildr!
Whoa! The name made it light up…!
It is not a name I know.
Me neither.
Hunh.
It’s the name of one of the Valkyries.
That’s quite curious.
Another name…
Gunnr!
Olrun!
Geirdriful!
Kara!
Ròta!
Eir!
Göndul!
Hildr!
It’s the name of one of the Valkyries.
That’s quite curious.
Another Valkyrie.
That’s no coincidence.
But who’d have etched them on Týr’s Braziers?
It’s as if they’ve been made into a memorial to the Valkyries…
Someone who loved the Valkyries enough to do this…
I wonder…
perhaps the queen?
Why the arcane runes…?
Perhaps we’re meant to find something in Muspelheim and Niflheim…?
The arcane runes…
They must have been clueing us to look for Valkyries imprisoned in Muspelheim and Niflheim…!
Hunh…
that’s all the ones I see…
how are we supposed to light the braziers on a tower that’s not there?
Alright, last one!
Gunnr!
Olrun!
Geirdriful!
Kara!
Ròta!
Eir!
Göndul!
Hildr!
Look at that! Maybe we can survive a fight with a Valkyrie now…
Look! That should really help us fight the rest of the corrupted Valkyries.
Ha!
Bet we could have used that when we fought the Valkyrie queen…
Ah—you know this one, don’t you?
It’s Thamur—the giant Stonemason!
Is he building a wall around Jötunheim?
It was to be his masterwork.
He only wanted to protect his people…
Too bad the first part got burned.
I’d prefer the last panel was burned. Such a senseless pity…
It says his name is “Hrungnir”.
Mother told me about him…
a Giant warrior, made of stone.
Bits of him, yes.
Looks like he was in a pretty big battle… Odin’s there… Thor… even the World Serpent?
Looks like he was in a pretty big battle…
Odin’s there… Thor… even the World Serpent?
Well… that’s stretchin’ it a bit.
Aw,
Thor must have smashed his head apart,
see?
But look,
Hrungnir’s body squished him.
Idiot…
Ha!
That part’s true at least.
It’s “Skaði”…!
Mother liked her.
A great huntress.
It’s “Skaði”…! Mother liked her. A great huntress.
That’s right. Queen of the Hunt, they called her.
That’s her father… and all the animals she hunted…
He taught her well.
And the last panel—
her father again.
Both of them,
in the snow…
And they’re still there.
It’s quite a story.
And the last panel—
her father again.
Both of them,
in the snow…
This one’s called Ymir…
Mother tried to tell me this one, but I think I was too young.
There is a touch of mystery about it…
Are Giants coming out of his armpits?
Aye, and his feet as well.
I think that might be Odin stabbing him.
Aesir slaying Jötnar.
Same as it ever was.
It says his name is “Bergelmir”—I think mother said he was the King of the Giants.
Aye, that he was. And quite a bit more.
Looks like he had a LOT of kids.
That, little brother, is what we call an understatement.
He’s dead…
but nobody killed him.
Do Giants die from old age?
They may.
Though it’s rare, among the legends.
Hm… this Giant’s a sorceress. Her name is “Gróa”…
Gróa—the Knowledge Keeper!
Looks like she had visions.
Aye, as an augurer she was unsurpassed.
Did Odin kill her for her book?
Och… remind me to tell you that story…
Remind me to tell you that story…
“Starkaðr”—
wow,
that’s a lot of arms.
That’s fair to say.
… six… seven… eight!
Could he shoot four bows at once?
More of a swordsman. He did only have the two eyes.
Looks like Thor cut him down to size.
It’s what he does.
Oh look,
it’s Sköll & Hati—
the giant wolves who chase the sun and moon.
Quite right, m’boy.
Where did they come from?
How did they get up there?
It’s a long story… but we’ll get to it.
What’s happening there at the end?
They eat the sun and moon, and then everybody fights?
I suppose that’s one way to put it.
I suppose that’s one way to put it.
This one’s called “Surtr”… must be a Fire Giant.
Aye, the first and original.
He makes a flaming sword…
A weapon of legend.
He fights Thor and Odin.
But is that the past or the future?
He fights Thor and Odin.
Is that the past or the future?
Mm… that may be a matter of perspective…
This one is “Thrym”—
a Frost Giant king.
Correct.
A cunning one, as well.
Is that Mjölnir?
Did he steal Thor’s hammer?
Aye.
For a time.
A lot of these seem to end with Thor killing them.
Imagine that…
Look, it’s the World Serpent!
“Jörmi” to his close friends.
He’s so much bigger than I imagined.
It’s quite ridiculous.
Oh, look, he bit Thor!
Or…
will bite him,
looks like…
Ragnarök. A long story…
Silence, boy!
Nice shot.
Nice shot.
Nice shot!
Nice shot!
Nice shot!
Good.
Good.
Keep it up.
Keep it up.
Keep it up.
Good, keep it up.
Good, keep it up.
Good, keep it up.
Well done.
Well done.
Good! Higher, if you can.
Good! Keep them off-balance.
Wretched beast.
Wretched beast.
Wretched beast.
Wretched beast.
Wretched beast.
Wretched beast.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Good riddance.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Eyes open!
Eyes open!
Watch the ground!
Watch the ground!
Watch the ground!
Eyes open!
Eyes open!
Watch the ground!
Watch the ground!
Watch him, boy.
Watch him, boy!
Watch him, boy!
Watch him, boy!
Stay out of his way, boy.
Stay out of his way, boy.
Stay out of his way, boy!
Stay out of his way, boy!
Stay out of his way, boy!
Stay out of his way.
Stay out of his way.
Stay out of his way!
Stay out of his way!
Stay out of his way!
Boy, stay back.
Boy, stay back!
Boy, stay back!
Boy, stay back!
Boy, stay back!
Watch yourself, boy!
Watch yourself, boy!
Watch yourself, boy!
Watch yourself, boy!
Watch yourself, boy!
Keep your distance, boy!
Keep your distance, boy!
Keep your distance, boy!
Keep your distance, boy!
Keep your distance, boy!
Look out, boy!
Look out, boy!
Lookout, boy!
Lookout, boy!
Lookout, boy!
Guard yourself!
Guard yourself!
Guard yourself!
Guard yourself!
Guard yourself!
Mind yourself, boy!
Mind yourself, boy!
Mind yourself, boy!
Mind yourself, boy!
Stay alert, boy!
Stay alert, boy!
Stay alert, boy!
Stay alert, boy!
Watch yourself!
Watch yourself!
Watch yourself!
Watch yourself!
Keep your distance!
Keep your distance!
Keep your distance!
Keep your distance!
Look out!
Look out!
Look out!
Look out!
Stay alert!
Stay alert!
Stay alert!
Stay alert!
BOY!
Focus!
BOY! Focus!
BOY! Focus!
Not bad. But not good, either.
Show me more focus.
Show me more focus.
You must learn efficiency, boy.
You must learn efficiency, boy.
You still have much to learn.
You still have much to learn.
A decent start.
You will improve, with practice.
You will improve, with practice.
You will improve, with practice.
Adequate.
Adequate.
Adequate.
Better.
Better.
I see improvement.
I see improvement.
You are more focused.
You are more focused.
Your skill continues to grow.
Your skill continues to grow.
You did well.
You have potential, boy.
You have potential, boy.
Those creatures were difficult.
Those creatures were difficult.
Those creatures were difficult.
Enemies down.
Enemies down.
That was the last.
That was the last.
Done.
Done.
It is over.
It is over.
Back to our goal.
Back to our goal.
Back to it.
Back to it.
Good work.
Good work.
Good.
Good.
Good.
We are done here.
We are done here.
Hmph.
Hmph.
Hmph.
Nightmares?
Nightmares?
That was difficult.
That was difficult.
A tough fight.
A tough fight.
Our enemies are strong.
Our enemies are strong.
We must stay vigilant.
There will be more.
There will be more.
There will be more.
There will be more.
Courage, boy.
Courage, boy.
Courage, boy.
Well fought.
Well fought.
Yet we are still here.
Yet we are still here.
Yet we are still here.
Agreed.
Agreed.
Agreed.
Next fight may not be so easy.
Next fight may not be so easy.
Too easy.
Too easy.
An easy fight.
An easy fight.
All dead. You fought well.
All dead. You fought well.
You are learning.
You are learning.
Keep it up.
Good. Keep it up.
Well done.
Well done.
It is over.
Well done.
It is over. Well done.
Well fought.
You are improving.
You are improving.
I see improvement.
I see improvement.
Good.
Good.
Two left, boy!
Two left, boy!
Only two more!
Only two more!
Only two more!
Just these two, boy!
Just these two, boy!
Two enemies left!
Two enemies left!
FOCUS, boy!
Careful of this one!
Keep your distance
Careful of this one! Keep your distance
You find its weak point.
You find its weak point.
He jumps fast, boy! Jump faster!
He jumps fast, boy! Jump faster!
He jumps fast, boy!
Jump faster!
Look for an advantage!
It’s a Hel-Reaver. Un-dead.
It’s a Hel-Reaver. Un-dead.
A Hel-Reaver. Un-dead.
A Hel-Reaver. Un-dead.
Corrupted.
Hold your breath when they attack.
Corrupted. Hold your breath when they attack.
Corrupted. Hold your breath when they attack.
Corrupted. Hold your breath when they attack.
Corrupted.
Hold your breath when they attack.
Corrupted. Hold your breath when they attack.
Corrupted. Hold your breath when they attack.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
He will be fast AND strong.
We will take him down together.
He will be fast AND strong. We will take him down together.
He will be fast AND strong. We will take him down together.
A dangerous beast. We will take him down together.
A dangerous beast. We will take him down together.
A dangerous beast. We will take him down together.
Close quarters will be dangerous.
Your arrows, boy!
Your arrows, boy!
Use your arrows!
Use your arrows!
Your arrows will bring her down!
Your arrows will bring her down!
Take her down, boy!
Take her down, boy!
Your arrows!
Your arrows!
Use your arrows!
Use your arrows!
Your arrows will bring her down!
Your arrows will bring her down!
Take her down, boy!
Take her down, boy!
Boy! Fire!
Boy! Your arrows!
Your arrow, boy!
Your arrow, boy!
But not for your arrows! Fire!
But not for your arrows!
Fire!
Enough, both of you!
Get back!
Get back!
Get back!
An annoyance.
An annoyance.
Uuahh!
Uuahh!
Blinded. It will pass.
Blinded. It will pass.
Blinded. It will pass.
Blinded. It will pass.
Blinded. It will pass.
I know, boy. Focus!
I know, boy. Focus!
Atreus!
Atreus!
It’s nothing. Keep fighting.
It’s nothing. Keep fighting.
I’m fine. It will pass. Stay focused!
I’m fine. It will pass. Stay focused!
I’m fine. It will pass. Stay focused!
I’m fine. It will pass. Stay focused!
I’m fine. It will pass.
I’m fine. It will pass.
I’m fine. It will pass.
I’m fine.
I’m fine.
Follow me.
Follow me.
We are leaving.
Come boy.
Come boy.
We are done here.
We are done here.
We have seen enough.
We have seen enough.
Come with me.
Come with me.
This way.
Boy, to me.
Move on.
Let us proceed.
We should push ahead.
We should push ahead.
Let us push on.
Move along.
Move along.
We should press on.
We should press on.
Come.
Come.
Let us go.
Get moving.
Get moving.
Incoming fire!
Incoming fire!
Watch the fire, boy!
Watch the fire, boy!
Incoming fire!
Incoming fire!
Watch the fire!
Watch the fire!
We can use it against him!
We can use it against him!
We can use it against him!
That’s it! Good eye.
That’s it! Good eye.
That’s it! Good eye.
They will fall! Keep fighting!
Keep fighting, boy!
Keep fighting, boy!
Keep your courage!
Keep your courage!
Keep your guard up!
Keep your guard up!
Keep going!
Keep going, boy!
Keep going, boy!
Atreus! Fight!
Atreus!
Fight!
Fight, boy!
They will fall! Keep fighting!
Keep fighting!
Keep your courage!
Keep your courage!
Keep your courage!
Keep your courage!
Keep your guard up!
Keep your guard up!
Keep going!
Keep going!
Keep going!
Keep going!
Keep going, boy!
Keep going, boy!
Keep going, boy!
Atreus! Fight!
Atreus! Fight!
Fight!
Fight!
Fight!
Do not worry about me!
Do not worry about me!
Do not get distracted!
Do not get distracted!
My pain is not your concern!
My pain is not your concern!
Focus on the battle!
Focus on the battle!
I am fine, boy!
I am fine, boy!
I am fine, boy!
I am fine, boy!
Focus, boy!
Focus, boy!
Stay focused!
Do not worry about me!
Do not worry about me!
Do not get distracted!
Do not get distracted!
My pain is not your concern!
My pain is not your concern!
Focus on the battle!
I am fine!
I am fine!
Focus, boy!
Stay focused!
Stay focused!
You did well.
You did well.
You did well.
You did well.
You did well.
You did well.
You did well.
You did well.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Well done, boy.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
On your feet.
On your feet.
On your feet.
On your feet.
On your feet.
On your feet.
On your feet, boy.
On your feet, boy.
On your feet, boy.
Boy, on your feet.
Boy, on your feet.
Boy, on your feet.
Boy, on your feet.
Up.
Up.
Up.
Up, boy…
Back up.
Back up.
Back up.
Back up.
Back up.
Back up.
Get up.
Get up.
Get up.
Up, boy…
Up, boy…
Up, boy…
Up… up!
Up… up!
Up… up!
Quickly.
Quickly.
Quickly.
Quickly now.
Quickly now.
Quickly now.
Find your bearings.
Find your bearings.
Find your bearings.
Find your legs, boy.
Find your legs, boy.
Find your legs, boy.
Can you stand?
Can you stand?
Can you stand?
Back on your feet.
Back on your feet.
Back on your feet.
We do not stay down.
We do not stay down.
Collect yourself.
Courage, boy.
Courage, boy.
Back in the fight.
Back in the fight.
Back in the fight.
Steady yourself.
Steady yourself.
Steady now.
Steady now.
Steady.
Steady.
I have you.
I have you.
I have you.
I have you.
We do not stay down.
We do not stay down.
Collect yourself.
Collect yourself.
Collect yourself.
Collect yourself.
Back in the fight.
Back in the fight.
Steady yourself.
Steady yourself.
Steady now.
Steady now.
Steady.
Steady.
On your feet.
On your feet.
On your feet, boy.
On your feet, boy.
Boy, on your feet.
Boy, on your feet.
Boy, on your feet.
Up.
Up.
Back up.
Back up.
Get up.
Get up.
Up, boy…
Up, boy…
Up… up!
Find your legs, boy.
Find your legs, boy.
Back on your feet.
Back on your feet.
Back on your feet.
Last enemy!
This is the last!
This is the last!
One more, boy!
One more, boy!
One more, boy!
Last one, boy!
Last one!
We should continue our journey.
Boy.
It is time for us to go.
There is little for us here. We should press on.
We are wasting our time in this area. Time to go.
Come, boy.
We should continue on our journey.
That enemy is stronger now.
That enemy is stronger now.
That enemy is stronger now.
That enemy is stronger now.
That enemy is stronger now.
That enemy is stronger now.
Careful, boy!
Careful, boy!
Careful, boy!
Quiet, Head!
Prepare yourself.
Prepare yourself.
Be ready.
Be ready.
Ready yourself.
Ready yourself.
Enemies ahead.
Enemies ahead.
Ready yourself, boy.
Ready yourself, boy.
Not yet!
Not yet!
Hold!
Hold!
Boy!
Boy!
Here they come.
Here they come.
More enemies, boy.
More enemies, boy.
Look alive, boy!
Look alive, boy!
More enemies!
More enemies!
More enemies!
More enemies!
More enemies, boy!
Stay alert, more enemies!
More to fight.
More to fight.
More to fight.
Be ready, boy.
Be ready, boy.
More enemies!
Focus up!
Here they come.
Here they come.
More enemies, boy.
More enemies, boy.
Look alive, boy!
Look alive, boy!
More enemies!
More enemies!
More enemies, boy!
More enemies, boy!
More enemies, boy!
Stay alert, more enemies!
More enemies.
More to fight.
Be ready, boy.
Be ready, boy.
More enemies! Focus up!
More enemies! Focus up!
More enemies! Focus up!
Focus up!
Focus up!
Focus up, boy!
Focus up, boy!
Good!
Good!
Good!
Good!
Next target.
Next target.
Next target!
Next target!
Now, boy.
Now, boy.
Now, boy!
Now, boy!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Good eye, boy.
Good eye, boy.
Good assist.
Good assist.
Good warning.
Good warning.
Good. Stay focused.
Good. Stay focused.
Your instincts are sharp.
Your instincts are sharp.
Your instincts are sharp.
Your instincts are sharp.
Sharp instincts. Well done.
Well-timed.
Well-timed.
Well-timed, boy.
Well-timed, boy.
Well-timed, boy.
Good! Stay vigilant.
Good! Stay vigilant.
Very good.
Very good.
Good assist, boy.
Good assist, boy.
Good warning, boy.
Good. Stay focused, boy.
Your instincts are sharp, boy.
Your instincts are sharp, boy.
Good eye.
Good eye.
Good assist.
Good assist.
Good assist.
Good assist.
Good warning.
Good warning.
Good warning.
Good warning.
Good warning.
Good, keep on them.
Good, keep on them.
Good instincts.
Good call.
Good instincts.
Good call.
Well-timed.
Well-timed.
Well-timed, boy.
Well-timed, boy.
Well-timed, boy.
Good! Stay vigilant.
Good! Stay vigilant.
Good! Stay vigilant.
Very good.
Very good.
Good.
Good.
I see them.
I see them.
Good eye.
Good eye.
Ready yourself.
Ready yourself.
I see them.
I see them.
I see them.
Good eye.
Good eye.
Ready yourself.
Ready yourself.
I know, boy! Keep fighting!
I know, boy! Keep fighting!
Do not worry about me. Focus!
Do not worry about me.
Focus!
I know, boy!
I know, boy!
I know, boy!
Yes, I know!
Yes, I know!
I am aware!
I am aware!
It will pass!
Quiet, Head!
Head! Be silent!
Head! Be silent!
Stun him!
Stun him!
They will fall easier when stunned.
They will fall easier when stunned.
Stun them first.
Stunning them will give us an opening.
Stunning them will give us an opening.
Stunning them will give an opening.
Fire, boy.
Fire, boy.
Fire, boy!
Fire, boy!
Take him.
Take him.
Take him!
Take him!
Now, boy.
Now, boy.
Now, boy!
Now, boy!
Now, boy!
Fire.
Fire.
Fire!
Fire!
Now.
Now.
Now!
Now!
Do it.
Do it.
Do it!
Do it!
Watch your fire, boy!
Watch your fire, boy!
Find a clear shot!
Find a clear shot!
Find your angle, boy!
Find your angle, boy!
Find your angle!
Find your angle!
Fall back!
Fall back!
To me, boy!
To me, boy!
Stay close!
Stay close!
To my side!
To my side!
Back off, boy!
Back off, boy!
Correct your anchor point!
Correct your anchor point!
Loosen that grip, boy!
Loosen that grip, boy!
Loosen that grip, boy!
Watch your draw length!
Watch your draw length!
Watch your draw length!
Watch your draw length!
Pull them out of formation!
Pull them out of formation!
Do not draw past your shoulder. I am watching.
Do not draw past your shoulder. I am watching.
Never stop moving, boy!
Never stop moving, boy!
Mind your range, boy!
Mind your range, boy!
Do not take your eyes off them.
Do not take your eyes off them.
Do not take your eyes off them.
Do not take your eyes off them.
Lower that anchor point, boy.
Lower that anchor point, boy.
That angle is too low, boy.
That angle is too low, boy.
Slow your breathing.
Slow your breathing.
Your spacing, boy!
Your spacing, boy!
Steady that arm, boy.
Steady that arm, boy.
Keep moving, boy.
Keep moving, boy.
Rest later!
Mind your range!
Mind your range!
Mind your range!
Keep the pressure on.
Keep the pressure on.
Keep the pressure on.
Keep flanking.
Keep flanking.
Keep flanking.
Keep flanking.
Keep those hands steady.
Keep those hands steady.
Go, go, go!
Go, go!
Go!
Move, move, move!
Move, move!
Hold! Hold!
Hold!
Hold!
Move out!
Move out!
Move out!
Watch your fire!
Watch your fire!
To me!
To me!
Never stop moving!
Mind your range!
Mind your range!
Mind your range!
Mind your range!
That angle is too low.
That angle is too low.
Your spacing!
Your spacing!
Keep moving.
Slow your breathing.
Slow your breathing.
Keep moving, boy.
Keep moving, boy.
Keep those hands steady.
Never stop moving!
Never stop moving!
Loosen that grip, boy!
Loosen that grip, boy!
Steady that arm, boy.
Steady that arm, boy.
Steady that arm, boy.
Steady that arm, boy.
Keep the pressure on.
Keep the pressure on.
Keep flanking.
Keep flanking.
Rest later!
Rest later!
Watch your fire, boy!
Watch your fire, boy!
Watch your fire, boy!
Find a clear shot!
Find your angle, boy!
Find your angle, boy!
Find your angle!
Find your angle!
Fall back!
To me, boy!
To me, boy!
To me, boy!
To my side!
To my side!
Back off, boy!
Back off, boy!
Stay close!
Stay close!
Stick to me!
Stick to me!
Do not stray from me, boy!
Correct your anchor point!
Correct your anchor point!
Watch your draw length!
Pull them out of formation!
Pull them out of formation!
Do not draw past your shoulder.
Do not draw past your shoulder.
Never stop moving, boy!
Never stop moving, boy!
Mind your range, boy!
Mind your range, boy!
Do not take your eyes off them.
Do not take your eyes off them.
Do not take your eyes off them.
Lower that anchor point, boy.
That angle is too low, boy.
That angle is too low, boy.
Your spacing, boy!
Mind your range!
Mind your range!
Keep the initiative!
Keep the initiative!
That angle is too low.
Keep moving.
Keep moving.
Get back, boy!
Get back, boy!
His magic! Get back!
Incoming magic! Clear out!
Incoming magic! Clear out!
Watch him, boy.
Watch him, boy.
Stay out of his way, boy.
Stay out of his way, boy.
Stay out of his way, boy.
Stay out of his way, boy.
Stay out of his way, boy.
Stay out of his way.
Stay out of his way.
Stay out of his way.
Stay out of his way.
Stay out of his way.
Get behind me.
Get behind me.
Get behind me.
Get behind me.
Watch him.
Watch him.
Watch him.
Watch him.
Careful, boy.
Losing control.
Losing control.
Get back, boy.
Get back, boy.
The arm!
The arm!
The arm!
The arm!
The leg!
The leg!
The leg!
Raawwwrr!!
Raawwwrr!!
Raawwwrr!!
Raawwwrr!!
Raawwwrr!!
Raawwwrr!!
I see it!
I see it!
I see it!
Now! Your knife!
Now! Your knife!
Now, your knife!
Now, your knife!
Take him now!
Take him now!
Attack now!
Attack now!
Attack now!
Attack now!
Attack now!
Use your knife!
Use your knife!
Use your knife!
Use your knife!
Your knife! Now!
Your knife! Now!
Your knife, now!
Your knife, now!
Take him, boy!
Take him, boy!
Take him, boy!
Take him, boy!
Can you read it?
Can you read it?
Do the runes say anything important?
What of the runes?
What of the runes?
What does it say?
What does it say?
Fire!
Fire!
Now!
Take him!
Take him!
Fire, boy!
Fire, boy!
Do it!
Do it!
Fire now!
Fire now!
Take him now!
Take him now!
Do it now!
Do it now!
Do it, boy!
Do it, boy!
Take him, boy!
Fire!
Fire!
Fire!
Now!
Now!
Go, go!
Go, go!
Atreus, to me!
Atreus, to me!
Attack!
Attack!
Show no mercy!
Take them down!
Take them down!
Atreus, now!
Atreus, now!
Ready your guard!
Ready your guard!
Atreus!
Atreus!
Fall back!
Fall back!
Fall back!
To me, boy!
To me, boy!
Stay close!
Stay close!
To my side!
To my side!
To my side!
To my side!
Back off, boy!
Back off, boy!
Stay close to me!
Stay close to me!
Stay close to me!
Stick to me!
Stick to me!
Do not stray from me, boy!
Do not stray from me, boy!
Back off!
Back off!
To me, boy!
To me, boy!
I know, boy!
I know, boy!
I know, boy!
Boy! Focus!
Boy! Focus!
Quiet, boy!
Quiet, boy!
This is what you want?
This what you want?
Ya jerk!
Jerk!
Fuck you!
Fuck off!
Eat this!
Eat this!
Choke on it!
Ah, choke on it!
Learn to block!
Learn to block!
It’s called a shield, buy one of those!
That shield is shit!
Your shield is shit!
You suck.
Ugh, you suck.
Suck it.
Suck it.
Whatever.
Ugh, whatever.
You’re lucky I’m great.
You know, you really are lucky I’m so great.
Ha ha, okay. You’re welcome, asshole.
You’re welcome, asshole!
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Ah, ha ha ha. I hate you!
Oh, I hate you!
Masochist!
Masochist!
Here! …
assholes.
Here! …asshole.
Ratatoskr saves the day.
Again.
Ratatoskr saves the day.
Again.
There you go, fucko.
There you go,
fucko.
Happy?
Happy?
Happy to be of service.
Now kindly fuck off.
Happy to be of service…
you shit.
You two suck at this.
You two
really suck at this.
Seriously,
quit it!
Seriously,
please stop.
Please, I’m begging you.
I have rabies.
I want you to know I have rabies. You should probably get tested.
O-KAY?
O-KAY?
Make it last…!
Please make it last…!
You will get good some day!
Oh, you’ll get good some day!
Oh, try dodging!
Oh, here’s a tip! Try not getting hit! Yeah.
What if you try swinging the axe?
Try swinging the axe?
Instead of having it lie limp like a dick.
Freeloader.
Freeloader.
Parasite.
Parasite.
Scumbo!
Scumbo!
What a dope!
What a fucking dope!
Nidhogg sends a message…
He says,
“Go fuck yourself.”
Stop.
Nidhogg sends a message…
He says,
“Go fuck yourself.”
How do you sleep at night?
Answer me!
How do you sleep at night?
Answer me!
Guys!
A little privacy, please? /
I’m comin’,
baby!
Aah! I was in the MIDDLE of something!
Aah! I was in the MIDDLE of something!
You know I have a life, right?
You know I have a life, right?
Hurt again?
Hurt again?
Again with this shit?
Again with this shit?
Take and take and take.
Take and take and take.
All I do is give.
All I do is give.
Is this all I am to you?
Is this all I am to you?
You’re fighting again??
You’re fighting again??
WHAT? Health?
Big fucking surprise.
WHAT? Oh, health?
Big fucking surprise.
Ratatoskr at your fucking service.
Ratatoskr at your fucking service.
Hey, perhaps stop gettin’ beat up.
Ooh,
maybe stop gettin’ beat up.
Alright, let’s go, let’s make this quick…
Alright, let’s make this quick…
Every waking
HOUR, you two!
Every waking HOUR, you two!
You
are terrible people.
You are
TERRIBLE PEOPLE.
O-
kay… is that some guy’s HEAD on your hip?
Ah, ha ha… is that
some guy’s HEAD on your hip?
Please! What is WRONG with you?
Please! What
is WRONG with you?
I will COME to you in your DREAMS and I will BITE YOU!
I will COME to you in your DREAMS and I will BITE YOU!
Oh sure, fine. Guess I’ll just drop what I was doing…
Oh, fine. I’ll
just drop whatever it was I was doing…
Guess I’ll just drop what I was doing…
You think this is easy?
You think this is easy?
Who ARE you fucking people?
Who
ARE you fucking people?
Why do you hate me?
Why do you hate me?
Whoa, watch where you swing those things…
Okay, watch where you’re swinging those things…
I guess this is my life now.
I guess this is my life now.
You know, this has stopped being cute.
This has stopped being cute.
I don’t want to do this anymore… Shut it.
Oh, I don’t want to do this anymore…
You barely have a scratch!
You barely have a scratch! …
oh god.
You called me for this?
You called me for this?
Whoa!
Wasted that one.
Whoa! Well, great. Wasted that one.
Oh please…
walk it off!
Oh please… walk it off!
Aw, come on, then. You’re fine…
Oh, come on, you’re fine…
Have you NO respect for my time?
Have you NO respect for my time?
What am I—your first call?
What am I—your first call?
Woof… cuttin’ it close, eh?
Cuttin’ it close, eh?
Wow, you look like shit!
Wow, you look like shit! I’m sorry…
Wow—you’re almost dead!
Wow—you are almost dead!
Gods, you suck.
Gods, you suck.
Aaaaahahahah, you are a MESS…
Aaaaahahahah, you’re a MESS…
How are you walking?
I have a question.
How are you
actually walking?
Are you SURE you’re not dead already?
You SURE you’re not dead already?
Cutting it close, aincha?
Cutting it a bit close, aren’t we?
Living dangerously. Good.
Living dangerously.
Good.
Maybe you’ll finish the job this time.
Is that your father covered in blood?
Is that your dad covered in blood?
There’s one down!
There’s one down!
There’s one down!
Nice, you found a seal!
Nice,
you found a seal!
Nice, you found a seal!
We got one!
We got one!
We got one!
One down, two to go.
One down, two to go.
One down, two to go.
One down, two to go.
Two more!
Two more!
Two more!
Two down!
Two down!
Two down!
Two down!
Two down!
Two down!
Two down!
Two down!
The second seal!
The second seal!
The second seal!
The second seal!
Good eye! Only one left.
Good eye! Only one left.
Nice! There should be one more…
Nice! There should be one more…
Nice! There should be one more…
Nice!
There should be one more…
Nice! There should be one more…
Only one left!
Only one left!
Only one left!
Only one left!
Only one left!
Only one left!
The combination’s wrong.
The combination’s wrong.
The combination’s wrong.
Um.. I don’t think that’s it.
Um…
I don’t think that’s it.
Um… I don’t think that’s it.
Hm… Maybe a different combination?
Hm… Maybe a different combination?
Hm… Maybe a different combination?
Hm… It’s sealed by rune magic.
Hm.. It’s sealed by rune magic.
Hm.. It’s sealed by rune magic.
Hm.. It’s sealed by rune magic.
Hm… It’s sealed by rune magic.
We should find the three seals.
We should find three seals.
We should find the three seals.
We should find the three seals.
We should find the three seals.
If we can find three seals…
If we can find three seals…
If we can find three seals…
If we can find three seals…
If we can find three seals…
If we can find three seals…
If we can find three seals…
If we can find three seals…
A sealed chest.
A sealed chest.
A sealed chest.
A sealed chest.
A sealed chest.
A sealed chest. I bet something good’s inside!
A sealed chest.
I bet something good’s inside!
A sealed chest. I bet something good’s inside!
A sealed chest.
I bet something good’s inside!
A sealed chest.
I bet something good’s inside!
A sealed chest. I bet something good’s inside!
That was the last one!
That was the last one!
The chest should open now!
The chest should be open now!
The chest should open now!
The chest should be open now!
The chest should open now!
Last one! Let’s go open that chest.
Last one!
Let’s go open that chest.
Last one! Let’s go open that chest.
Last one!
Let’s go open that chest.
Last one!
Let’s go open that chest.
Last one! Let’s go open that chest.
That should do it!
That should do it!
That should do it!
That should do it!
We can open the chest now!
We can open the chest now!
We can open the chest now!
Oh!
Oh!
What’s that?
What’s that?
You hear that?
What was that?
You hear something?
Hm?
Hm?
I heard something…
Did you hear that too?
Thought I heard something…
Who’s there?
Now what?
Why is everything always trying to kill us?
AAH!!
We can beach over here.
We can beach over here.
We can beach over here.
We can beach over here.
We can beach over here.
We can beach over here.
You want to beach here?
You want to beach here?
You want to beach here?
You want to beach here?
Should we dock on this beach?
Should we dock on this beach?
Should we dock on this beach?
Should we dock on this beach?
Should we dock on this beach?
We could beach the boat here.
We could beach the boat here.
We could beach the boat here.
We could beach the boat here.
We could beach the boat here.
Boost me up there?
Boost me up there?
Boost me up there?
Boost me up there?
Boost me up there?
Boost me up there?
I can get up through here.
I can get up through here.
I can get up through here.
I can get up through here.
I can get up through here.
I can get up through here.
I can get up through here.
I can get up through here.
How about up here?
How about up here?
How about up here?
How about up here?
How about up here?
How about up here?
What if you give me a boost?
What if you give me a boost?
What if you give me a boost?
What if you give me a boost?
What if you give me a boost?
What if you give me a boost?
Boost me up!
Boost me up!
Boost me up!
Boost me up!
Boost me up!
Ahh,
that’s nice…
Another crystal.
Another crystal.
Another crystal.
Another crystal.
Hey, one of those crystals.
Hey,
one of those crystals.
Hey, one of those crystals.
Hey, one of those crystals.
Hey, one of those crystals.
Look,
a crystal.
Look, a crystal.
Look, a crystal.
Look, it’s a crystal.
I bet we can use this crystal.
I bet we can use this crystal.
I bet we can use this crystal.
It’s one of those crystals you like to carry.
It’s one of those crystals you like to carry.
It’s one of those crystals you like to carry.
It’s one of those crystals you like to carry.
It’s one of those crystals you like to carry.
It’s
one of those crystals you like to carry.
Father, grab this stone!
Father, grab this stone!
Healthstone over here!
Helpful stone over here!
Healthstone over here!
Helpful stone over here!
Helpful stone over here!
Healthstone over here!
Helpful stone over here!
Use this!
Use this!
Father, use this!
Father, use this!
Father, you could use this!
Father, you could use this!
Father, you could use this!
Father, you could use this!
Wow!
Wow!
Whoah!
Whoah!
Wow!
Wow!
You got it!
You got it!
Nice job!
Nice job!
That was great!
That was great!
Wow, nice hit.
Wow, nice hit.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
Hah! Take that!
Hah! Take that!
Hah! Take that!
Hah! Take that!
That’ll teach you to mess with us!
That’ll teach you to mess with us!
That’ll teach you to mess with us!
That’ll teach you to mess with us!
Down they go!
Down they go!
Down they go!
Down they go!
Take that!
Take that!
Take that!
Take that!
Take that!
We got ’em!
We got ’em!
We got ’em!
Alright!
Alright!
Alright!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
I got it!
I got it!
I got it!
I got it!
Direct hit!
Direct hit!
Direct hit!
Yeah! I got it!
Yeah! I got it!
Yeah! I got it!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Getting closer…
We’re closer now!
Hey, we’re pretty close now…!
Brrrrrr…
Whoo…
that’s chilly…
Maybe through here?
Maybe through here?
Maybe through here?
I’ll meet you on the other side.
I’ll meet you on the other side.
I’ll meet you on the other side.
I’ll meet you on the other side.
I’m going to check it out.
I’m going to check it out.
I’m going to check it out.
I’m going to check it out.
I’m going to check it out.
I’m going to check it out.
I’m going to check it out.
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
Looks like I can crawl through here.
Looks like I can crawl through here.
Looks like I can crawl through here.
Looks like I can crawl through here.
Looks like I can crawl through here.
Looks like I can crawl through here.
Looks like I can crawl through here.
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Eww…
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Blech…
Blech…
Blech…
Blech…
Blech…
Blech…
Blech…
Blech…
Blech…
Smells awful…
Smells awful…
Smells awful…
Smells awful…
Smells awful…
Smells awful…
Smells awful…
Smells awful…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Yech…
Hey, we can dock here.
Hey,
we can dock here.
Hey, we can dock here.
Hey, we can dock here.
Hey, we can dock here.
You want to dock here?
You want to dock here?
You want to dock here?
You want to dock here?
Should we dock here?
Should we dock here?
Should we dock here?
Should we dock here?
Should we dock here?
We could dock the boat here.
We could dock the boat here.
We could dock the boat here.
We could dock the boat here.
We could dock the boat here.
We could dock the boat here.
Locked.
Locked.
Locked.
Locked.
Locked.
Locked.
It’s locked.
It’s locked.
It’s locked.
It’s locked.
It’s locked.
Can’t go this way.
Can’t go this way.
Can’t go this way.
Can’t go this way.
Locked.
Is there a way around it?
Locked.
Is there a way around it?
Locked.
Is there a way around it?
Locked.
Is there a way around it?
The door’s locked.
The door’s locked.
The door’s locked.
The door’s locked.
Tell me when.
Tell me when.
Tell me when.
Tell me when.
Tell me when.
Tell me when.
Tell me when.
Want me to drop this?
Want me to drop this?
Want me to drop this?
Want me to drop this?
Want me to drop this?
Want me to drop this?
Want me to drop this?
I can drop this for you.
I can drop this for you.
I can drop this for you.
I can drop this for you.
Want me to drop this down?
Want me to drop this down?
Want me to drop this down?
Want me to drop this down?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
Hm. Maybe not.
How do we get past this?
How do we get past this?
How do we get past this?
This is… interesting.
This is… interesting.
This is… interesting.
There’s gotta be a way to keep it in place.
There’s gotta be a way to keep it in place.
There’s gotta be a way to keep it in place.
There’s gotta be a way to keep it in place.
There’s gotta be a way to keep it in place.
There’s gotta be a way to keep it in place.
There’s gotta be a way to keep it in place.
There’s gotta be a way to keep it in place.
What a strange machine…
Strange contraption…
Strange contraption…
Strange contraption…
Strange contraption…
Strange contraption…
Strange contraption…
Strange contraption…
Strange contraption…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
I bet if we stopped it in place…
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Bop bop bop…
This place is spooky.
Can we keep moving?
Phew…
I’m ready…
I’m ready…
How much further?
A nice long boat ride sounds pretty good right about now.
This way…
I think.
This way…
I think.
This way…
I think.
This way…
I think.
Maybe this way?
Maybe this way?
Maybe this way?
Maybe this way?
Maybe this way?
Hmm… I think it’s this way.
Hmm…
I think it’s this way.
Hmm… I think it’s this way.
Hmm…
I think it’s this way.
Hmm… I think it’s this way.
Let’s go… this way?
Let’s go…
this way?
Let’s go…
this way?
Let’s go…
this way?
Let’s go…
this way?
Let’s go… this way?
Let’s go…
this way?
Let’s go…
this way?
Let’s go…
this way?
Um…
this way.
Um…
this way.
Um…
this way.
Um…
this way.
Um…
this way.
Um…
this way.
I… Hm.
Yeah.
This way.
I… Hm.
Yeah.
This way.
I… Hm. Yeah.
This way.
I…
Hm.
Yeah.
This way.
I… Hm.
Yeah.
This way.
I think it’s…
this way.
I think it’s…
this way.
I think it’s…
this way.
I think it’s…
this way.
I think it’s…
this way.
I think it’s…
this way.
I think it’s…
this way.
I think it’s…
this way.
C’mon, this way!
C’mon, this way!
C’mon, this way!
C’mon, this way!
C’mon, this way!
C’mon, this way!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
This way!
This way!
This way!
This way!
This way!
This way!
This way!
This way!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
It’s this way!
It’s this way!
It’s this way!
It’s this way!
It’s this way!
It’s this way!
Father, let’s go!
Father, let’s go!
Father, let’s go!
Father, let’s go!
Father, let’s go!
Father, let’s go!
C’mon, father!
C’mon, father!
C’mon, father!
C’mon, father!
C’mon, father!
C’mon, father!
Up ahead!
Straight ahead,
there!
There’s something behind you…
There’s something behind you…
There’s something behind you…
There’s something behind you…
There’s something behind you…
There’s something behind you…
There’s something behind you…
There’s something behind you…
There’s something behind you…
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
I think it’s behind you?
Look behind you.
Look behind you.
Look behind you.
Look behind you.
Look behind you.
Look behind you.
Look behind you.
Look down there!
Look down there!
Look down there!
Look down there!
Look down there!
Look down there!
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
What’s that down there?
There’s something down there.
There’s something down there.
There’s something down there.
There’s something down there.
There’s something down there.
There’s something down there.
I see something down there.
I see something down there.
I see something down there.
I see something down there.
I see something down there.
I see something down there.
I see something down there.
Father, look down there.
Father,
look down there.
Father,
look down there.
Father, look down there.
Father, look down there.
Down there! See it?
Down there! See it?
Down there!
See it?
Down there!
See it?
Down there! See it?
Down there!
See it?
Down there! See it?
It’s right here in front of you.
It’s right here in front of you.
It’s right here in front of you.
It’s right here in front of you.
It’s right here in front of you.
It’s right here in front of you.
Right here!
Right here!
Right here!
Right here!
Right here!
Right here!
Over there!
Over there!
Over there!
Over there!
It’s over there!
It’s over there!
It’s over there!
It’s over there!
There’s something over there!
There’s something over there!
There’s something over there!
There’s something over there!
There’s something over there!
There’s something over there!
There’s something over there!
Father, over there!
Father, over there!
Father, over there!
Father, over there!
Father, over there!
Father, over there!
Father,
over there!
I see something over there.
I see something over there.
I see something over there.
I see something over there.
I see something over there.
I see something over there.
Look up there!
Look up there!
Look up there!
Look up there!
Look up there!
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
Father, look up there.
Father, look up there.
Father,
look up there.
Father, look up there.
Father, look up there.
Father, look up there.
Father, look up there.
Up there...
See it?
I see something up there.
I see something up there.
I see something up there.
Up there.
See it?
Up there!
See it?
Up there! See it?
Hey, come look at this.
Hey,
come look at this.
Hey, come look at this.
Hey,
come look at this.
Hey,
come look at this.
Hey,
come look at this.
Come look at this!
Come look at this!
Come look at this!
Come look at this!
Come look at this!
Come look at this!
Come look at this!
Hey,
check this out.
Hey,
check this out.
Hey,
check this out.
Hey,
check this out.
I think this is something.
I think this is something.
I think this is something.
I think this is something.
I think this is something.
I think this is something.
I think this is something.
Father,
this looks interesting.
Father,
this looks interesting.
Father,
this looks interesting.
Father,
this looks interesting.
Father, this looks interesting.
Father,
this looks interesting.
Father,
this looks interesting.
Father,
this looks interesting.
Over here!
Over here!
Over here!
Over here!
Over here!
Over here!
Over here!
Over here!
Father, over here.
Father,
over here.
Father,
over here.
Father, over here.
Father, over here.
Father, over here.
Father, over here.
Father, take a look at this.
Father,
take a look at this.
Father, take a look at this.
Father,
take a look at this.
Father,
I think you should see this.
Father,
I think you should see this.
Father,
I think you should see this.
Father, I think you should see this.
How do we get up there?
Let me just get this down…
Hm… I think I can draw that…
Great.
Blocked from the other side.
Great.
Blocked from the other side.
Great.
Blocked from the other side.
Great. Blocked from the other side.
Hmm… Blocked.
Hmm… Blocked.
Hmm… Blocked.
Hmm… Blocked.
It’s blocked.
It’s blocked.
It’s blocked.
It’s blocked.
We can’t go this way.
We can’t go this way.
We can’t go this way.
We can’t go this way.
There’s gotta be another way around.
There’s gotta be another way around.
There’s gotta be another way around.
Not much for us to do here.
Why are we still here?
I don’t think there’s much for us to do here.
Shouldn’t we get back to our journey?
Why are we just hanging around here?
What’s through here, I wonder?
What’s through here, I wonder?
What’s through here, I wonder?
What’s through here, I wonder?
What’s through here, I wonder?
What’s through here, I wonder?
What’s through here, I wonder?
What’s through here, I wonder?
Hm. This gate’s in the way.
Hm. This gate’s in the way.
Hm. This gate’s in the way.
Hm. This gate’s in the way.
Can we lift this gate?
Can we lift this gate?
Can we lift this gate?
Can we lift this gate?
Can we lift this gate?
Can we lift this gate?
Can we lift this gate?
Can we lift this gate?
We could try through here?
We could try through here?
We could try through here?
We could try through here?
We could try through here?
We could try through here?
Maybe we can go this way.
Maybe we can go this way.
Maybe we can go this way.
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
Hmm…
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
What’s through here?
Father, can we go through?
Father,
can we go through?
Father, can we go through?
Father, can we go through?
Father, can we go through?
Father, can
we go through?
Father,
can we go through?
I think we can go through here.
I think we can go through here.
I think we can go through here.
I think we can go through here.
I think we can go through here.
I think we can go through here.
I think we can go through here.
I think we can go through here.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
This door’s in the way.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
Hm. This door’s in the way.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
There’s something up there.
Something’s hanging up there.
Something’s hanging up there.
Something’s hanging up there.
Something’s hanging up there.
Something’s hanging up there.
Something’s hanging up there.
Something’s hanging up there.
I think there’s some loot up there.
I think there’s some loot up there.
I think there’s some loot up there.
I think there’s some loot up there.
I think there’s some loot up there.
I think there’s some loot up there.
I see some loot up there.
I see some loot up there.
I see some loot up there.
I see some loot up there.
I see some loot up there.
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
What’s that up there?
You got it!
You got it!
You got it!
Nice hit!
Nice hit!
Alright, more loot!
Alright, more loot!
Alright, more loot!
Alright, more loot!
Alright, more loot!
Nice throw!
Nice throw!
Nice throw!
You gotta show me how to do that one day.
You gotta show me how to do that one day.
Anything good?
Anything good?
Anything good?
Anything good?
Anything good?
Anything good?
Anything good?
What didya get?
What didya get?
What didya get?
What didya get?
What didya find?
What didya find?
What didya find?
What didya find?
What didya find?
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?
Something good?
Something good?
Something good?
Hey, I found something.
Hey, I found something.
Hey, I found something.
Hey, I found something.
Hey, I found something.
Hey, I found something.
You might want to see this!
You might want to see this!
You might want to see this!
Look what we have here…
Look what we have here…
Look what we have here…
Look what we have here…
Look what we have here…
Some loot over here!
Some loot over here!
Some loot over here!
I found some loot!
I found some loot!
I found some loot!
I found some loot!
Hold on, let me read this…
Hm… this is good to know…
Okay, that’s going in the journal…
Ahh… I was wondering about this…
Interesting…
Huh… neat.
That’s weird…
Wonder who wrote this?
Another marker…
Health over here!
Health over here!
Health over here!
Health over here!
Health over here!
Health over here!
Health over here!
Healthstone over here!
Healthstone over here!
Healthstone over here!
Healthstone over here!
Healthstone over here!
Father,
there’s health here!
Father, there’s health here!
Father, there’s health here!
Father, there’s health here!
Father, there’s health here!
Father,
there’s health here!
There’s a Healthstone here!
There’s a Healthstone here!
Healthstone here!
Father, there’s health here!
Healthstone here!
Healthstone here!
Healthstone here!
What do we do?
Whoa—what’s happening?
Whoa—what’s happening?
Ha, HA! Got ya!
Take THAT, and THAT, and THAT!
Ready when you are.
Ready when you are.
Ready when you are.
Ready when you are.
Ready when you are.
Let me know when you want me to pull.
Let me know when you want me to pull.
Let me know when you want me to pull.
Let me know when you want me to pull.
Let me know when you want me to pull.
You ready?
You ready?
You ready?
Ready to pull.
Ready to pull.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
Hmm… Doesn’t look like it’s working.
Hmm… Doesn’t look like it’s working.
Hmm… Doesn’t look like it’s working.
Doesn’t look like it’s working.
That… doesn’t look right to me.
That…
doesn’t look right to me.
That… doesn’t look right to me.
That… doesn’t look right to me.
That…
doesn’t look right to me.
It’s stuck.
It’s stuck.
It’s stuck.
It’s stuck.
It’s stuck.
It’s stuck.
Uh… I don’t think we can move that.
Uh… I don’t think we can move that.
Uh… I don’t think we can move that.
Uh… I don’t think we can move that.
Uh… I don’t think we can move that.
I don’t think that will work.
I don’t think that will work.
I don’t think that will work.
Almost…
Almost…
Almost…
Almost…
Almost…
Almost…
Oooh
close…
Oooh
close…
Oooh close…
Oooh
close…
Oooh
close…
Oooh
close…
Oooh close…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Nearly got it…
Almost got it…
Almost got it…
Almost got it…
Almost got it…
Hmm, I think you’re close.
Hmm, I think you’re close.
Hmm, I think you’re close.
Hmm, I think you’re close.
Oh…
Guess not.
Oh… Guess not.
Oh…
Guess not.
Oh…
Guess not.
Hm… That’s not it.
Hm.. That’s not it.
Hm.. That’s not it.
It reset…
It reset…
It reset…
It reset…
It reset…
It reset…
Well…
That didn’t work.
Well…
That didn’t work.
Well… That didn’t work.
Well… That didn’t work.
Well… That didn’t work.
Well… That didn’t work.
Hm. I guess try again?
Hm. I guess try again?
Hm. I guess try again?
You got it!
You got it!
You got it!
You got it!
You got it!
Nice!
Nice!
Nice!
Ah, very smart.
Ah,
very smart.
Ah, very smart.
Ohh, yeah,
that’s the answer.
Ohh, yeah,
that’s the answer.
Ohh, yeah, that’s the answer.
Ohh, yeah, that’s the answer.
That’s it!
That’s it!
That’s it!
That’s it!
Huh?
Okay…
So…
This looks interesting…
This looks interesting…
This looks interesting…
This looks interesting…
What’s this over here?
What’s this over here?
What’s this over here?
We could check it out?
We could check it out?
We could check it out?
Maybe we should check it out.
Maybe we should check it out.
Maybe we should check it out.
Maybe we should check it out.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
I wonder what that’s all about.
Woah!
Woah!
Woah!
Yikes!
Yikes!
Yikes!
(gasps)
(gasps)
(gasps)
Oh, boy!
Oh, boy!
Oh, boy!
Oh, boy!
Oh, boy!
Oh, boy!
Oh, boy!
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Whoa….
Wow…
Wow…
Wow…
Wow…
Wow…
Wow…
Wow…
Wow…
Wow…
Wow,
so neat!
Wow,
so neat!
Wow, so neat!
Wow,
so neat!
Wow,
so neat!
Wow, so neat!
Wow,
so neat!
Wow,
so neat!
Wow,
so neat!
Wow,
so neat!
This is amazing!
This is amazing!
This is amazing!
This is amazing!
This is amazing!
This is amazing!
This is amazing!
This is amazing!
Incredible…
Incredible…
Incredible…
Incredible…
Incredible…
Incredible…
Incredible…
Incredible…
Incredible…
Incredible…
Unbelievable…
Unbelievable…
Unbelievable…
Unbelievable…
Unbelievable…
Unbelievable…
Unbelievable…
How does thing even work?
How does thing even work?
I wonder who built these…
I wonder who built these…
I wonder who built these…
I wonder who built these…
I wonder who built these…
Interesting…
Interesting…
Interesting…
Interesting…
Interesting…
Woah.
Woah.
Woah.
Woah.
Woah.
Woah.
Woah.
I’ll scout ahead.
I’ll scout ahead.
I’ll scout ahead.
I’ll scout ahead.
I’ll scout ahead.
I’ll scout ahead.
I’ll scout ahead.
I’ll scout ahead.
I’ll see what’s up ahead.
I’ll see what’s up ahead.
I’ll see what’s up ahead.
I’ll see what’s up ahead.
I’ll see what’s up ahead.
Gonna see what’s up ahead.
Gonna see what’s up ahead.
Gonna see what’s up ahead.
Gonna see what’s up ahead.
Gonna see what’s up ahead.
Gonna see what’s up ahead.
Gonna see what’s up ahead.
Gonna see what’s up ahead.
Scouting.
Scouting.
Scouting.
Scouting.
Scouting.
Scouting.
Scouting.
Aaa! Bright…
What IS that?
Aaa! My eyes…
It’s Brok! Hi, Brok.
It’s Brok! Hi, Brok.
It’s Brok! Hi, Brok.
It’s Brok! Hi, Brok.
Brok! You’re here!
Brok! You’re here!
Hey, Brok!
Hi, Brok!
Hi, Brok!
Hi, Brok!
Hi, Brok!
Hi, Brok!
Hey, it’s Brok!
Hey, it’s Brok!
Look, Brok’s here!
Look, Brok’s here!
Sindri!
Hey it’s Sindri!
Hey it’s Sindri!
Sindri, what are you doing here?
Sindri, what are you doing here?
Hi, Sindri!
Hi, Sindri!
Hi, Sindri!
Hi, Sindri!
Sindri? Hi!
Sindri? Hi!
Sindri? Hi!
Sindri?
Hi!
Sindri?
Hi!
C’mon, let’s go!
This way! I think.
Let’s gooo.
Moving on, yeah?
Let’s keep going!
You coming?
I’m coming, I’m coming.
Okay, I’m coming.
Be right there!
Sorry, I got distracted.
Yes, father.
On my way!
Hey, wait for me!
I can read this.
I can read this.
I can read this.
I can read this.
I can read this.
I can read this.
I can read this.
Hey, I can read this.
Hey,
I can read this.
Hey,
I can read this.
Hey, I can read this.
Hey, I can read this.
Want me to translate?
Want me to translate?
Want me to translate?
Want me to translate?
Oh, I think I know what it says.
Oh,
I think I know what it says.
Oh, I think I know what it says.
Oh, I think I know what it says.
I can translate,
if you want.
I can translate, if you want.
I can translate, if you want.
I can translate, if you want.
I can translate,
if you want.
It’s some kind of drawing…
maybe a map?
Ooooh maybe a TREASURE map!
This area looks familiar…
maybe from a treasure map?
I’ve seen this before… maybe on one of our maps?
I know this area…
it was on one of our treasure maps.
I’ve seen this place before on a treasure map!
Hey, it’s another treasure map!
Another map, great!
Another map! Bet we’ll find something useful here.
It’s another one of those maps.
Treasure map, alright!
We got it!
We found it!
Buried treasure, alright!
Well that solves that treasure map.
Spooky.
Spooky.
Spooky.
Spooky.
Spooky.
Another spirit…
Another spirit…
Another spirit…
Another spirit…
Another spirit…
Another spirit…
Another spirit…
Another spirit…
What does this guy want?
What does this guy want?
What does this guy want?
What does this guy want?
Another one of those spirits…
Another one of those spirits…
Another one of those spirits…
(Still waiting on answers about this one)
I dunno.
I dunno.
I dunno.
I dunno.
I dunno.
I dunno.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
What now?
What now?
What now?
What now?
What now?
What now?
Well?
Well?
Well?
Well?
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet?
Are we there yet?
Father,
I’m bored.
Father,
I’m bored.
Father, I’m bored.
Father,
I’m bored.
Father, I’m bored.
Father, I’m bored.
Father, I’m bored.
Can we keep going?
Can we keep going?
Can we keep going?
Can we keep going?
We’ve been standing here awhile…
We’ve been standing here awhile…
We’ve been standing here awhile…
We’ve been standing here awhile…
We’ve been standing here awhile…
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
Can we go already?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
What’s next?
Where to next?
Now where should we go?
There sure is a lot to see here.
Hmm which way…
I wish Mom were here…
Where to go next…
(to himself) Are we lost? Nah…
(to himself) I don’t know what we’re still doing here…
Hm… now where do we go from here…?
Phew…
Phew…
Phew…
How are you not tired?
How are you not tired?
How are you not tired?
How are you not tired?
How are you not tired?
I’m exhausted.
I’m exhausted.
This is exhausting.
This is exhausting.
Rest for a minute?
Rest for a minute?
Rest for a minute?
Rest for a minute?
Just gotta catch my breath.
Just gotta catch my breath.
Just gotta catch my breath.
Ahh,
that’s nice…
Ooh. That’s better.
Mmm… warm.
Hey,
another one of these… things.
Hey, another one of these… things.
Hey, another one of these… things.
Hey,
another one of these… things.
Hey, another one of these… things.
Hey,
another one of these… things.
Another one of these.
Another one of these.
Another one of these.
Another one of these.
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
It’s locked magically…
It’s magically locked…
It’s magically locked…
This is locked up good.
This is locked up good.
This is locked up good.
This is locked up good.
We’ll need something to get through this one.
We’ll need something to get through this one.
We’ll need something to get through this one.
We’ll need something to get through this one.
We’ll need something to get through this one.
Heavy…
Heavy…
Heavy…
Heavy…
Heavy…
C’mon….
C’mon….
C’mon….
I can do this….
I can do this….
Why are these so heavy?
Is it locked?
C’mon…
C’mon…
Open!
Open!
Take that!
Right on target!
Take this!
Yea, right there!
That can’t feel good.
Gross…
He’s almost down.
He’s almost down.
Nightmares...
Mom used to tell me about them.
Didn’t think they were actually real.
Yeah.
They give people nightmares.
Or they ARE nightmares?
I don’t remember which.
...I wish I could ask her.
Yeah.
They give people nightmares.
Or they ARE nightmares?
I don’t remember which.
...I wish I could ask her.
Blech… I HATE those things.
Blech… I HATE those things.
Okay,
that was hard…
They were harder than I thought.
They were harder than I thought.
They were harder than I thought.
Yea… that was tough.
Thought they almost had us.
Thought they almost had us.
I’ll say!
Yeah...
Very tough.
And we still won!
And we still won!
And we still won!
And we still won!
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
Thank you, father.
Thank you, father.
Thank you, father.
Thank you, father.
Glad that’s over.
Glad that’s over.
Yea, alright!
We got ’em all!
We got ’em all!
We got ’em all!
Do you ever get used to this?
Do you ever get used to this?
Do you ever get used to this?
Do you ever get used to this?
Do you ever get used to this?
Do you ever get used to this?
Do you ever get used to this?
We did it.
They’re all dead.
Looks like we got ’em all.
That’s the last of them.
A little easier than I thought.
I think I’m getting the hang of this.
I think I’m getting the hang of this.
I think I’m getting the hang of this.
Onward!
That takes care of that.
Enemies down.
Enemies down.
Can’t beat us!
Can’t beat us!
Can’t beat us!
Can’t beat us!
Ha, better luck next time!
Think I’m gettin’ better at this…
How was that?
How was that?
That was good, right?
That was good, right?
Not bad, right?
Did I do okay?
That was good, right?
How’d I do?
How’d I do?
How was that?
How was that?
How was that?
How was that?
How was that?
Only three left!
Just these last three!
There’s only three left!
Three more to go!
Three more and we’re done!
Three more and we’re done!
Three more and we’re done!
How many of these guys are there?!
There’s so many of them!
There’s so many of them!
They just keep coming!
They just keep coming!
When is this gonna end!
When is this gonna end!
This is taking forever!
I can’t believe we’re STILL fighting!
Don’t these guys ever give up?
This is endless!
Don’t they ever stop?!
Injured Hel-viken!
Grab that Hel-viken!
That Hel-viken’s stunned!
Injured Dark Elf!
That Draugr’s hurt, get him!
Injured Draugr, over there!
Injured Draugr!
She’s stunned, grab her!
She’s down, now’s your chance!
Get her, Father!
Grab her while she’s down!
Grab her while she’s down!
That one’s hurt, grab her!
She’s injured!
Grab that one!
Grab that one!
Grab that one!
That one is injured!
Stunned enemy over there!
Stunned enemy over there!
Grab that one, Father!
Grab that one, Father!
Now’s your chance!
Hurry—before they get back up!
Hurry—before they get back up!
That one’s down!
Father! Now’s your chance!
Father, that one’s hurt!
Father, that one’s hurt!
Grab that injured one!
There’s an injured one!
There’s an injured one!
Injured enemy over there!
That Hel-Walker’s hurt, get him!
Injured Hel-Walker!
Get him while he’s down!
Get him while he’s down!
Grab him, Father!
He’s injured!
He’s injured!
The ogre’s injured!
That ogre’s injured!
Ogre’s stunned, now’s your chance!
Ogre’s stunned, now’s your chance!
Ogre’s stunned, now’s your chance!
The Revenant’s hurt! Grab her!
Hurt Revenant, now’s your chance!
The Traveler’s hurt!
We injured the Traveler! Now’s your chance!
The Troll’s hurt!
The Troll’s injured, grab him!
Injured Wulver!
Injured Wulver!
The Wulver’s injured, grab him!
The Wulver’s stunned!
The Wulver’s stunned!
The Wulver’s injured, get him!
He’s pretty good with that shield!
Can’t you get past his shield?
His shield keeps blocking you!
His shield keeps blocking you!
That shield is too strong!
That shield is too strong!
That shield is too strong!
I’ll bring her down, just tell me when!
Should I fire?
I can get her, just say the word!
I can pin her down!
She’s moving too fast!
Sir.
Sir.
Sir.
Sir.
Sir.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes - SIR!
Yes - SIR!
Yes - SIR!
Yes - SIR!
Yes - SIR!
Yes - SIR!
Yes - SIR!
Got it.
Got it.
On it.
On it.
You got it.
Affirmative.
A-OK.
Yes, Father.
Yes, Father.
Yes, Father.
Going now.
Going now.
On it now.
On it now.
On it now.
No problem.
No problem.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
Right away!
Amazing!
Amazing!
Amazing!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Alright!
Alright!
Alright!
Haha!
Haha!
Haha!
Haha!
Haha!
Haha!
Haha!
Haha!
Haha!
That showed them!
That showed them!
Wow!
I’m impressed!
I’m impressed!
Crazy!
Crazy!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Help me up, father!
Help me up, father!
Help me up, father!
I can’t go on!
I can’t go on!
Ugh… my head…
Ugh… my head…
I’m down! I’m sorry…
Father, I need your help!
Father… please…
Father, help me!
Father, help me!
Let me go!
Let me go!
Let me go!
He’s got me,
help!
He’s got me,
help!
He’s got me, help!
Urgh…
Help me!
Urgh…
Help me!
Let me go, you bastard!
I can’t get free!
I need help!
Enemy down!
We got ’em!
Ha, take that!
Ha, take that!
Ha, take that!
You okay?
Father, you’re hurt!
Father! Get out of there!
You don’t look too good…
You’re not looking good!
You’re not looking good!
You gonna be okay?
Father, you’re REALLY hurt!
Father, you’re REALLY hurt!
Everything okay over there?
You don’t look so great!
Father, they’re winning!
Father, you’re almost dead!
You need to find a healing stone!
Incredible!
Nice move!
That’s my favorite one so far!
Yes! Do it again!
That was so crazy!
Is that a new one? I like it!
Haven’t seen that one before!
They just get better and better!
Whoah, that one was amazing!
Whoah, that one was amazing!
I love seeing new ones!
That’s a keeper!
That’s my new favorite!
Wow, that one is super strong!
Hey, a new move! I like it!
Hey, a new move! I like it!
There’s more of ’em!
There’s more of ’em!
Look out! There’s more!
More of ’em!
Watch out - we got more…
Watch out - we got more…
Watch out - more of ’em!
Watch out - more of ’em!
Look out.. There’s more!
Look out.. There’s more!
Look out.. There’s more!
Looks like we’re not through yet!
Watch it… more on the way!
Watch it… more on the way!
Watch it… more on the way!
Careful - not done yet!
Careful - not done yet!
I got this one!
I don’t think so!
This one, father!
This one, father!
He’s all yours!
He’s all yours!
Gotcha!
I got one!
Father, I got one!
Hey!
See ya!
See ya!
Back off!
Back off!
Stop it!
Stop it!
I don’t think so!
Quit it!
Quit it!
Don’t touch him!
Don’t touch him!
Take that!
Take that!
Right on target!
Right on target!
Take this!
Take this!
Yea! Yea!
Yea! Yea!
Yea! Yea!
That’s right!
That’s right!
That’s right!
You’re in for it now!
You’re in for it now!
You’re in for it now!
You’re in for it now!
Yea, right there!
Yea, right there!
Ha! Gotcha!
Ha! Gotcha!
Got ’em!
Got ’em!
Got ’em!
Switching!
Switching!
Switching!
Switching!
Switching!
Switching!
Changing arrows!
Changing arrows!
Got it.
Got it.
Switching arrows!
Switching arrows!
Switching arrows!
Switching arrows!
That can’t feel good.
That can’t feel good.
Why aren’t you blocking?
Why aren’t you blocking?
Don’t you have a shield?
Don’t you have a shield?
Eat dirt!
Eat dirt!
Eat dirt!
I’ll knock him down!
I’ll knock him down!
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Gross…
Whoah!
Whoah!
Whoah!
I think you got him…
I think you got him…
I think you got him…
Behind you, I got’em!
Behind you, I got’em!
Behind you, I’m on it!
Behind you, I’m on it!
Father!? Father!
Father!? Father!
Look out!
Look out!
No!
No!
Father, get up!
Father, get up!
Father!
Father!
Father!
Father, no!
Father, no!
No! Get up!
No! Get up!
No! Get up!
Whoah, this one throws fire! How does he do that?!
Whoah, this one throws fire! How does he do that?!
He’s almost down.
He’s almost down.
He’s almost down.
He’s almost down.
Two left.
Two left.
Two left.
Two left.
Only one left.
Only one left.
Only one left.
Nightmares…
Mom used to tell me about them.
Didn’t think they were actually real.
Nightmares…
Mom used to tell me about them.
Didn’t think they were actually real.
Nightmares…
Mom used to tell me about them.
Didn’t think they were actually real.
Yeah.
They give people nightmares.
Or they ARE nightmares?
I don’t remember which.
…I wish I could ask her.
Yeah.
They give people nightmares.
Or they ARE nightmares?
I don’t remember which.
…I wish I could ask her.
Yeah.
They give people nightmares.
Or they ARE nightmares?
I don’t remember which.
…I wish I could ask her.
Blech… I HATE those things.
Blech… I HATE those things.
Okay,
that was hard…
Okay,
that was hard…
Okay, that was hard…
Wow, that was tough.
Wow, that was tough.
They were harder than I thought.
They were harder than I thought.
Yea… that was tough.
Yea… that was tough.
Thought they almost had us.
Thought they almost had us.
Thought they almost had us.
Boy…
they were tough.
Boy…
they were tough.
Is it me, or are they getting tougher to beat?
Is it me, or are they getting tougher to beat?
I thought we were goners.
I thought we were goners.
I thought we were goners.
I thought we were goners.
Phew! Tough stuff.
Phew!
Tough stuff.
Yikes…
those guys were brutal.
Yikes… those guys were brutal.
That was harder than usual, right?
That was harder than usual, right?
Oof, that was exhausting!
Oof, that was exhausting!
I’ll say!
I’ll say!
Yeah…
Very tough.
Yeah…
Very tough.
And we still won!
And we still won!
And we still won!
Yea,
no kidding.
Yea,
no kidding.
Yea,
no kidding.
Not as hard as I thought.
Not as hard as I thought.
Not as hard as I thought.
We must be getting stronger;
those guys were easy!
We must be getting stronger; those guys were easy!
No sweat!
No sweat!
I like when they’re that easy.
I like when they’re that easy.
I like when they’re that easy.
They were pretty weak…
They were pretty weak…
They were pretty weak…
They were pretty weak…
I almost wish they were harder.
Is that weird?
I almost wish they were harder.
Is that weird?
Nice to have an easy fight every once in awhile.
Nice to have an easy fight every once in awhile.
Didn’t even break a sweat!
Didn’t even break a sweat!
Didn’t even break a sweat!
They barely touched us!
They barely touched us!
That’s it? Thought they’d be tougher.
That’s it? Thought they’d be tougher.
That was easy!
That was easy!
No match for us.
No match for us.
That wasn’t so bad.
That wasn’t so bad.
Not too hard.
Not too hard.
Thanks!
Thanks!
Thanks!
Thanks.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
Thank you, father.
Thank you, father.
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
Glad that’s over.
Glad that’s over.
Glad that’s over.
Yea, alright!
Yea, alright!
Phew… I’m outta breath.
Phew… I’m outta breath.
Phew… finally!
Phew…
finally!
Phew…
finally!
We got ’em all!
We got ’em all!
Do you ever get used to this?
Do you ever get used to this?
Do you ever get used to this?
We did it.
We did it.
They’re all dead.
They’re all dead.
Looks like we got ’em all.
Looks like we got ’em all.
That’s the last of them.
That’s the last of them.
That’s the last of them.
A little easier than I thought.
A little easier than I thought.
I think I’m getting the hang of this.
I think I’m getting the hang of this.
I think I’m getting the hang of this.
Onward!
Onward!
Onward!
That takes care of that.
That takes care of that.
That takes care of that.
Enemies down.
Enemies down.
Yes! We got ’em.
Yes! We got ’em.
Can’t beat us!
Can’t beat us!
Can’t beat us!
Ha, better luck next time!
Ha, better luck next time!
Think I’m gettin’ better at this…
Think I’m gettin’ better at this…
Should I be helping more?
Should I be helping more?
I think I should be helping more.
I think I should be helping more.
I think I should be helping more.
Do you want me to fire more arrows?
Do you want me to fire more arrows?
Do you want me to fire more arrows?
I didn’t do much back there.
I didn’t do much back there.
I can fire more arrows next time. Just give the word.
I can fire more arrows next time. Just give the word.
I’ll fire more arrows next time if you give the word.
I’ll fire more arrows next time if you give the word.
I’ll fire more arrows next time if you give the word.
I’ll fire more arrows next time if you give the word.
I can help out more, if you want. Just let me know.
I can help out more, if you want.
Just let me know.
I can help out more, if you want. Just let me know.
I can help out more, if you want. Just let me know.
I can help out more, if you want.
Just let me know.
I can help out more, if you want.
Just let me know.
I’ll fire more arrows next time if you give the word.
I’ll fire more arrows next time if you give the word.
We did it!
Well,
it was mostly you.
We did it!
Well, it was mostly you.
We did it! Well, it was mostly you.
How was that?
How was that?
That was good, right?
That was good, right?
How’d I do?
How’d I do?
Not bad, right?
Not bad, right?
Not bad, right?
Did I do okay?
Did I do okay?
Did I do okay?
That was good, right?
That was good, right?
How’d I do?
How’d I do?
How was that?
How was that?
I did okay, yeah?
I did okay,
yeah?
How was that?
We’ll take care of you guys later.
We’ll take care of you guys later.
We’re not gonna fight these guys?
We’re not gonna fight these guys?
Sorry, we’ve got things to do!
Sorry, we’ve got things to do!
Sorry, we’ve got things to do!
We’ve got more important things to do, sorry!
We’ve got more important things to do, sorry!
Guess we’re leaving!
Guess we’re leaving!
Feels weird to run away…
Feels weird to run away…
Yeah, who needs this mess.
Yeah, who needs this mess.
Almost there, only two left!
Almost there, only two left!
There’s only two left!
There’s only two left!
Only three left!
Only three left!
Last three!
Last three!
Only three to go!
Only three to go!
Just these last three!
There’s only three left!
Three more to go!
Three more and we’re done!
How many of these guys are there?!
There’s so many of them!
They just keep coming!
When is this gonna end!
This is taking forever!
This is taking forever!
I can’t believe we’re STILL fighting!
Don’t these guys ever give up?
Don’t these guys ever give up?
This is endless!
This is endless!
Don’t they ever stop?!
Don’t they ever stop?!
How many more are there?
How many more are there?
I can fight too, ya know!
I can fight too, ya know!
Do you want anymore help?
Do you want anymore help?
This one’s almost dead!
This one’s almost dead!
This one’s almost dead!
We almost got it!
We almost got it!
We almost got it!
It’s almost dead!
It’s almost dead!
Nearly got it!
Nearly got it!
He’s almost dead!
He’s almost dead!
We almost got him!
We almost got him!
Nearly got him!
Nearly got him!
Nearly got him!
She’s almost dead!
She’s almost dead!
She’s almost dead!
She’s almost dead!
She’s almost dead!
She’s almost dead!
We almost got her!
We almost got her!
We almost got her!
We almost got her!
We almost got her!
Nearly got her!
Nearly got her!
Injured Ancient! Now’s your chance!
Injured Ancient! Now’s your chance!
Injured Hel-viken!
Injured Hel-viken!
Grab the Hel-viken!
Grab the Hel-viken!
That Hel-viken’s stunned!
That Hel-viken’s stunned!
Injured Dark Elf, over there!
Injured Dark Elf, over there!
That Dark Elf is stunned!
That Dark Elf is stunned!
That Dark Elf is hurt, get him!
That Dark Elf is hurt, get him!
Injured Dark Elf!
Injured Dark Elf!
That Draugr’s hurt, get him!
Injured Draugr, over there!
Injured Draugr, over there!
That Draugr’s stunned!
That Draugr’s stunned!
That Draugr’s stunned!
That Draugr’s injured, get him!
That Draugr’s injured, get him!
Injured Draugr!
Injured Draugr!
That Hel-Walker’s hurt, get him!
That Hel-Walker’s hurt, get him!
She’s stunned, grab her!
She’s down, now’s your chance!
Get her, Father!
Grab her while she’s down!
Grab her while she’s down!
That one’s hurt, grab her!
She’s injured!
She’s injured!
Grab that one!
Grab that one!
You can grab that one!
You can grab that one!
You can grab that one!
That one is injured!
That one is injured!
Stunned enemy over there!
Stunned enemy over there!
Grab that one, Father!
Grab that one, Father!
Grab that one, Father!
Now’s your chance!
They’re stunned!
They’re stunned!
Hurry—before they get back up!
That one’s down!
That one’s down!
Father! Now’s your chance!
Father, that one’s hurt!
Grab that injured one!
There’s an injured one!
Injured enemy over there!
Injured Hel-Walker, over there!
Injured Hel-Walker, over there!
Injured Hel-Walker, over there!
That Hel-Walker’s injured!
That Hel-Walker’s injured!
That Hel-Walker’s hurt, get him!
Injured Hel-Walker!
Injured Hel-Walker!
Get him, Father!
Get him, Father!
He’s stunned!
He’s stunned!
He’s stunned!
He’s stunned!
That enemy is stunned! Get him!
That enemy is stunned! Get him!
That enemy is stunned! Get him!
Get him while he’s down!
Grab him, Father!
Grab him, Father!
That one’s hurt, grab him!
That one’s hurt, grab him!
He’s injured!
The ogre’s hurt, grab him!
The ogre’s hurt, grab him!
The ogre’s injured!
That ogre’s injured!
Ogre’s stunned, now’s your chance!
Ogre’s stunned, now’s your chance!
That Ogre looks pretty hurt!
That Ogre looks pretty hurt!
The Revenant’s hurt! Grab her!
We injured the Revenant!
We injured the Revenant!
Injured Revenant!
Injured Revenant!
Hurt Revenant, now’s your chance!
Injured Soul Eater! Now’s your chance!
Injured Soul Eater! Now’s your chance!
Injured Traveler!
Injured Traveler!
The Traveler’s hurt!
The Traveler’s hurt!
We injured the Traveler! Now’s your chance!
The troll’s hurt!
The troll’s hurt!
The troll’s injured, grab him!
The troll’s injured! Now’s your chance!
The troll’s injured! Now’s your chance!
Injured Wulver!
Injured Wulver!
The Wulver’s injured, grab him!
The Wulver’s stunned!
The Wulver’s injured, get him!
What’s with that draugr?
Whoah, he explodes!
Whoah, he explodes!
That’s not working!
That’s not working!
That’s not working!
Should we try something else?
I don’t think that’s gonna work!
I don’t think that’s gonna work!
Doesn’t seem like that’s working!
Doesn’t seem like that’s working!
Can we try something else?
Can we try something else?
What if we tried something else?
What if we tried something else?
He’s pretty good with that shield!
Can’t you get past his shield?
Can’t you get past his shield?
His shield keeps blocking you!
Gotta find a way past his shield!
Gotta find a way past his shield!
That shield is too strong!
That shield is too strong!
I’ll bring her down, just tell me when!
I’ll bring her down, just tell me when!
She’s too fast for your axe!
She’s too fast for your axe!
Should I fire?
Should I fire?
I can get her, just say the word!
I can get her, just say the word!
I can pin her down!
I can pin her down!
She’s moving too fast!
What’s wrong with your axe? It keeps bouncing off him!
He keeps blocking you!
He keeps blocking you!
He keeps blocking you!
How are you going to get past his shield?
How are you going to get past his shield?
How are you going to get past his shield?
Why aren’t you breaking his guard?
Why aren’t you breaking his guard?
Why aren’t you breaking his guard?
It keeps bouncing off them!
Try a different weapon!
Try a different weapon!
Wow. Did that hurt?
Whoah, did that hurt?
Gross, what is that thing?
It stuck you with something!
It stuck you with something!
It stuck you with something!
Doesn’t that hurt?
Sir.
Sir.
Sir.
Sir.
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes—SIR!
Got it.
On it.
On it.
You got it.
You got it.
Affirmative.
Affirmative.
A-OK.
A-OK.
Yes, Father.
Yes, Father.
Going now.
Going now.
On it now.
On it now.
On it now.
No problem.
No problem.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Of course.
Of course.
Of course.
Right away!
Right away!
Right away!
Sir!
Sir!
Yes sir!
Yes sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes—SIR!
Yes—SIR!
Yes—SIR!
Got it!
Got it!
Got it!
Got it!
On it!
On it!
You got it!
You got it!
Yes, father!
Yes, father!
Yes, father!
Repositioning!
Repositioning!
Repositioning!
I’m moving!
I’m moving!
I’m moving!
Getting a better shot!
Getting a better shot!
Gonna try over here!
Gonna try over here!
Gonna try over here!
Moving!
Moving!
Moving!
Finding a better position!
Finding a better position!
Ice attack, watch it!
Ice attack, watch it!
Ice attack!
Ice attack!
Ice attack!
Ice magic, careful!
Ice magic, careful!
Ice magic, careful!
Watch the ice attack!
Watch the ice attack!
Nice!
Nice!
Nice!
Amazing!
Amazing!
Amazing!
Amazing!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Alright!
Alright!
Haha!
Haha!
That showed them!
Wow!
Wow!
Wow!
I’m impressed!
Crazy!
Crazy!
On your left!
On your left!
On your left!
Left side!
Left side!
Left flank!
Left flank!
Watch your left!
Watch your left!
Watch your left!
On your right!
On your right!
Right side!
Right side!
Right flank!
Right flank!
Right flank!
Watch your right!
Watch your right!
Watch your right!
That’s his weak spot! Get it!
That’s his weak spot! Get it!
His weak spot’s open!
His weak spot’s open!
His weak spot’s open!
He’s open! Now your’s chance!
He’s open! Now your’s chance!
He’s open! Now your’s chance!
Look, his weak spot! It’s open!
Look, his weak spot! It’s open!
He’s getting angry!
He’s getting angry!
He’s getting angry!
He’s riled up!
He’s riled up!
He’s riled up!
Whoah, he looks angry!
Whoah, he looks angry!
Watch out, he’s going crazy!
Watch out, he’s going crazy!
He’s angry now, be careful!
Stay down!
Stay down!
Stay down!
And stay down!
And stay down!
Don’t get up!
Don’t get up!
How do you like THIS!
How do you like THIS!
Father, use this!
Father, use this!
Father, use this!
Found a healing stone!
Found a healing stone!
Found a healing stone!
Here, take this!
Here, take this!
Here, take this!
Father, healing stone!
Father, healing stone!
Father, healing stone!
Need a healing stone?
Need a healing stone?
I got you!
I got you!
Here you go!
Here you go!
Here you go!
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Father, I can’t get up!
Help me up, father!
Help me up, father!
Help me up, father!
I can’t go on!
I can’t go on!
I can’t go on!
Ugh… my head…
Ugh… my head…
I’m down! I’m sorry…
They got me!
They got me!
They got me!
Father, I need your help!
Father… please…
Father… please…
Help me father! Please!
Help me father!
Please!
Father, help me!
Father, help me!
Father, help me!
Let me
go!
Let me go!
Let me go!
He’s got me, help!
Urgh… Help me!
Urgh… Help me!
Let me go, you bastard!
Let me go, you bastard!
Get… offa me!
Get… offa me!
I can’t get free!
I can’t get free!
Father, I need you!
Father, I need you!
I need help!
I need help!
I need help!
Dammit… Help me, father!
Dammit… Help me, father!
Nightmare’s firing from behind!
Nightmare’s firing from behind!
Nightmare’s firing from the right!
Nightmare’s firing from the right!
Nightmare’s firing from the right!
Nightmare’s firing from the left!
Nightmare’s firing from the left!
Draugr down!
Draugr down!
We got the draugr!
We got the draugr!
Take that, draugr!
Take that, draugr!
Take that, draugr!
No more draugr!
No more draugr!
One less draugr to worry about!
One less draugr to worry about!
Got her!
Got her!
We got her!
We got her!
She’s down!
Enemy down!
Enemy down!
Enemy down!
Got ’em!
Got ’em!
Got ’em!
That one’s down!
That one’s down!
We got ’em!
We got ’em!
Ha, take that!
Ha, take that!
Enemy down!
Enemy down!
Enemy down!
Got ’em!
Got ’em!
Got ’em!
That one’s down!
That one’s down!
We got ’em!
We got ’em!
We got ’em!
Ha, take that!
Ha, take that!
Not a problem anymore!
Not a problem anymore!
That takes care of that one!
That takes care of that one!
And stay down!
And stay down!
Another one down!
Another one down!
And stay dead!
And stay dead!
Yeah, take that!
Yeah, take that!
He’s dead!
He’s dead!
He’s down!
He’s down!
Got him!
Got him!
I can’t believe we killed that thing…
I can’t believe we killed that thing…
Wow those things are hard!
Wow those things are hard!
You okay?
You okay?
You okay?
You okay?
Leave him ALONE!!
Leave him ALONE!!
Leave him ALONE!!
Father, you’re hurt!
Father, you’re hurt!
Father! Get out of there!
Father! Get out of there!
You look hurt!
You look hurt!
You don’t look too good…
You don’t look too good…
You’re not looking good!
You’re not looking good!
This is getting kinda hairy!
This is getting kinda hairy!
This is getting kinda hairy!
You gonna be okay?
You gonna be okay?
Father, you’re REALLY hurt!
Father, you’re REALLY hurt!
Everything okay over there?
Everything okay over there?
You doing alright?
You doing alright?
You doing alright?
You don’t look so great!
You don’t look so great!
Need help?
Need help?
Father, they’re winning!
Father, they’re winning!
Father, you’re almost dead!
Father, you’re almost dead!
You need to find a healing stone!
You need to find a healing stone!
You need to find a healing stone!
Father! Are you okay?!
Father! Are you okay?!
Ooohh, did that hurt?
Ooohh, did that hurt?
That looked like it hurt!
That looked like it hurt!
Father! Are you hurt?
Father! Are you hurt?
Oh no, Father!
Oh no, Father!
Father?!
Father?!
Are you okay?!
Are you okay?!
That looked painful!
That looked painful!
You still with me?
You still with me?
You okay? Hang in there!
You okay? Hang in there!
I love that one!
I love that one!
I love that one!
That one’s great!
That one’s great!
Incredible!
Nice move!
Aw I missed it! Can you do it again?
Aw I missed it! Can you do it again?
That’s my favorite one so far!
That’s my favorite one so far!
Yes! Do it again!
Whoa! How’d you do that?!
Whoa! How’d you do that?!
That was so crazy!
That was so crazy!
That was incredible!
That was incredible!
Is that a new one? I like it!
Haven’t seen that one before!
They just get better and better!
Whoah, that one was amazing!
I love seeing new ones!
I love seeing new ones!
Yes! A new one!
Yes! A new one!
Oh that’s a keeper!
Oh that’s a keeper!
That’s my new favorite!
Wow, that one is super strong!
Hey, a new move! I like it!
One left!
One left!
One left!
Last one!
Last one!
Last one!
Only one more!
Only one more!
One more to go!
One more to go!
One more to go!
This is the last one!
This is the last one!
This is the last one!
Watch out, these guys can MOVE!
Watch out, these guys can MOVE!
Watch the fast one!
Watch the fast one!
Speedster!
Speedster!
I hate the fast ones!
He’s fast!
He’s so quick!
He’s so quick!
He’s so quick!
He’s fast, but I can take him!
Whoah, that Draugr’s FAST!
Whoah, that Draugr’s FAST!
Gross, it’s doing that… thing again!
Gross, it’s doing that… thing again!
Look, the Nightmare!
Look, the Nightmare!
Ew! Now what’s it doing?
Ew! Now what’s it doing?
Ew! Now what’s it doing?
The Nightmare! It’s controlling her!
The Nightmare! It’s controlling her!
The Nightmare’s controlling her!
The Nightmare’s controlling her!
The Nightmare’s controlling her!
The Nightmare’s controlling her, gross!
The Nightmare’s controlling her, gross!
It’s controlling him!
It’s controlling him!
Watch that Nightmare! It’s trying to control him!
Watch that Nightmare! It’s trying to control him!
I’m not ready.
I’m not ready.
I’m not ready.
I’m not ready.
I’m not ready.
I’m not ready.
I’m not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Sorry, not ready.
Sorry, not ready.
Sorry, not ready.
Sorry, not ready.
Sorry, not ready.
Sorry, not ready.
Not ready yet.
Not ready yet.
Not ready yet.
Not ready yet.
Not ready yet.
Not ready yet.
Not ready yet.
Not ready yet.
Not ready yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Sorry, can’t.
Sorry, can’t.
Sorry, can’t.
Sorry, can’t.
Sorry, can’t.
Sorry, can’t.
Sorry, can’t.
Can’t yet.
Can’t yet.
Can’t yet.
Can’t yet.
Can’t yet.
Can’t yet.
Can’t yet.
Can’t yet.
Can’t yet.
I can’t yet.
I can’t yet.
I can’t yet.
I can’t yet.
I can’t yet.
I can’t yet.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need more time.
Need a little time here…
Need a little time here…
Need a little time here…
Need a little time here…
Need a little time here…
Need a little time here…
Almost there.
Almost there.
Almost there.
Almost there.
Almost there.
Almost there.
Almost ready.
Almost ready.
Almost ready.
Almost ready.
Almost ready.
Can’t do it.
Can’t do it.
Can’t do it.
Can’t do it.
Can’t do it.
Can’t do it.
He just picked that one up and threw’em! That’s crazy!
He just picked that one up and threw’em! That’s crazy!
He just picked that one up and threw’em! That’s crazy!
Whoah, that’s crazy!
Whoah, that’s crazy!
I’m coming to you!
I’m coming to you!
I’m coming to you!
Father!
Father!
Father!
Almost there!
Almost there!
On my way!
On my way!
On my way!
Hold on!
Hold on!
Hold on!
Hang on!
Hang on!
Hang on!
Coming!
Coming!
Coming!
No!
No!
Eww!
Eww!
Eww!
Gross!
Gross!
Ugh, we probably shouldn’t step in that.
These guys are nasty!
I hate when they do that!
Oh, gross!
Oh, gross!
Oh, gross!
Draugr up ahead.
Draugr up ahead.
Draugr up ahead.
Look, a Draugr.
Look, a Draugr.
Enemies ahead.
Look, enemies!
Look, enemies!
There’s enemies up ahead.
There’s enemies up ahead.
Enemies, but they don’t see us.
Trouble up ahead.
Trouble up ahead.
Enemies ahead, but they don’t see us yet.
Enemies ahead, but they don’t see us yet.
Enemies ahead, but they don’t see us yet.
Enemies. Haven’t seen us yet, though.
Enemies. Haven’t seen us yet, though.
Enemies up ahead. They don’t see us.
Enemies up ahead. They don’t see us.
Look, a troll!
Look, a troll!
Troll.
Troll.
Troll ahead. But he doesn’t see us.
Troll ahead. But he doesn’t see us.
Revenant ahead.
Revenant ahead.
Revenant, see it?
Look, a Revenant. She doesn’t see us, though.
Look, a Revenant.
She doesn’t see us, though.
Wolves.
Wolves.
Wolves up ahead.
Wolves up ahead.
Wolves. They don’t see us.
Wolves. They don’t see us.
Nice move!
Nice move!
You’re kinda scary sometimes!
You’re kinda scary sometimes!
Really showed that one who’s boss!
I wish I was strong enough to do that!
I wish I was strong enough to do that!
You gotta teach me that one!
You gotta teach me that one!
Wouldn’t wanna be that guy!
Wouldn’t wanna be that guy!
Ready now.
Ready now.
Ready now.
Ready now.
Ready now.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
All set.
All set.
All set.
All set.
All set now.
All set now.
All set now.
All set now.
All set now.
All set now.
All set now.
I’m set.
I’m set.
I’m set.
I’m set.
At the ready.
At the ready.
At the ready.
At the ready.
At the ready.
At the ready.
Say the word.
Say the word.
Say the word.
Say the word.
Say the word.
Say the word.
Just say the word.
Just say the word.
Just say the word.
Just say the word.
Just say the word.
Just say the word.
Just say the word.
Just say the word.
Ready to go.
Ready to go.
Ready to go.
Ready to go.
Ready to go.
Ready to go.
Ready to go now.
Ready to go now.
Ready to go now.
Ready to go now.
Ready to go now.
All set.
Ready to go now.
Ready to go now.
Ready and waiting.
Ready and waiting.
Ready and waiting.
Ready and waiting.
Ready and waiting.
Ready and waiting.
Ready and waiting.
Tell me when…
Tell me when…
Tell me when…
Tell me when…
Tell me when…
Whenever you’re ready.
Whenever you’re ready.
Whenever you’re ready.
Whenever you’re ready.
Whenever you’re ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
I’m ready.
Ready.
Ready.
Ready.
Ready.
Ready.
Ready, father.
Ready, father.
Ready, father.
Ready, father.
Ready, father.
Whenever you’re ready.
Whenever you’re ready.
Reinforcements!
Reinforcements!
There’s more of ’em!
There’s more of ’em!
More on the way!
More on the way!
Look out! There’s more!
More of ’em!
More of ’em!
We got more comin’!
We got more comin’!
We got more comin’!
Watch out—we got more…
Watch out—we got more…
Watch out— more of ’em!
Keep an eye out…more comin’!
Keep an eye out…more comin’!
Look out… There’s more!
Looks like we’re not through yet!
Looks like we’re not through yet!
Looks like we’re not through yet!
Watch it… more on the way!
Careful—not done yet!
They have a witch with them!
They have a witch with them!
They have a witch with them!
They have a witch, two of them!
They have a witch, two of them!
They have a witch, two of them!
More to the left!
More to the left!
More on your left!
More on your left!
On the left, more of them!
On the left, more of them!
More enemies on the left!
More enemies on the left!
More to the right!
More to the right!
More on your right!
More on your right!
On the right, more of them!
More enemies on the right!
More enemies on the right!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Father, now!
Father, now!
I got him!
I got him!
Do it now!
Do it now!
I got this one!
I got this one!
I don’t think so!
I don’t think so!
Father, this one!
Father, this one!
This one, father!
This one, father!
He’s all yours!
Gotcha!
I got one!
I got one!
Father, I got one!
Woohoo!
Woo!
Alright!
Alright!
Alright!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Woo!
See ya!
More draugr, on your left!
More draugr, on your left!
Left side, more draugr!
Left side, more draugr!
More draugr on the left!
More draugr on the left!
On your left, more draugr!
On your left, more draugr!
More draugr, on your right!
Right side, more draugr!
Right side, more draugr!
More draugr on the right!
More draugr on the right!
On your right, more draugr!
Back off!
Back off!
Back off!
Get back!
Get back!
Get back!
Stop it!
Stop it!
I got this!
I got this!
I don’t think so!
I don’t think so!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Get away from him!
Get away from him!
Get away from him!
I got your back!
I got your back!
I got your back!
Quit it!
Don’t touch him!
Father, help me!
Father, help me!
Father, help me!
They’re coming for me! Father!
They’re coming for me! Father!
Keep your distance!
Keep your distance!
Keep your distance!
Help! They’re after me!
Help! They’re after me!
Help! They’re after me!
Father!
Father!
Father!
Father!
Father!
No! Stay away from me!
No! Stay away from me!
No! Stay away from me!
Drepa!
Drepa!
Drepa!
Vega!
Vega!
Just… die already!
Just… die already!
Take… this!
Take… this!
That’s… enough!
That’s… enough!
How about… this!
How about… this!
Eat… this!
Eat… this!
Foss!
Foss!
Styrkr!
Styrkr!
Ǫr!
Ǫr!
Ǫr!
Dark Elf!
Dark Elf!
Dark Elf!
Dark Elf!
Dark Elf, up ahead!
Dark Elf, up ahead!
Dark Elf, up ahead!
Dark Elf, watch him!
Dark Elf, watch him!
Dark Elf, watch him!
Dark Elf, behind you!
Dark Elf, behind you!
Dark Elf, behind you!
Dark Elf, behind you!
Dark Elf, behind you!
Dark Elf, at your back!
Dark Elf, at your back!
Dark Elf, at your back!
Dark Elf, behind you!
Dark Elf, behind you!
Dark Elf, behind you!
Dark Elf, on your left!
Dark Elf, on your left!
Dark Elf, on your left!
Dark Elf, on your left!
Dark Elf, on your left!
Dark Elf, to the left!
Dark Elf, to the left!
Dark Elf, left side!
Dark Elf, left side!
Dark Elves!
Dark Elves!
Dark Elves!
Dark Elves, up ahead!
Dark Elves, up ahead!
Dark Elves, incoming!
Dark Elves, incoming!
Dark Elves, incoming!
Dark Elves, incoming!
Dark Elf, on your right!
Dark Elf, on your right!
Dark Elf, on your right!
Dark Elf, to the right!
Dark Elf, to the right!
Dark Elf, right side!
Dark Elf, right side!
Draugr!
Draugr!
Draugr!
Draugr, ahead!
Draugr, ahead!
Draugr, ahead!
Look, Draugr!
Look, Draugr!
Look, Draugr!
Draugr, behind you!
Draugr, behind you!
Draugr, behind you!
Draugr, behind you, careful!
Draugr, behind you, careful!
Draugr, behind you, careful!
Watch out, draugr behind you!
Watch out, draugr behind you!
Draugr, on your left!
Draugr, on your left!
Draugr, on your left!
Draugr, to the left!
Draugr, to the left!
Draugr, left side!
Draugr, left side!
Draugr, on your right!
Draugr, on your right!
Draugr, on your right!
Draugr, on your right!
Draugr, to the right!
Draugr, to the right!
Draugr, right side!
Draugr, right side!
Draugr, right side!
Hel-viken!
Hel-viken!
Hel-viken!
It’s a Hel-viken!
It’s a Hel-viken!
Hel-viken, up ahead!
Hel-viken, up ahead!
Hel-viken, up ahead!
Hel-viken, behind you!
Hel-viken, behind you!
Hel-viken, behind you!
Hel-viken, behind you!
Hel-viken, behind you!
Hel-viken, at your back!
Hel-viken, at your back!
Hel-viken, at your back!
Hel-viken, behind you!
Hel-viken, behind you!
Hel-viken, behind you!
Hel-viken, on your left!
Hel-viken, on your left!
Hel-viken, on your left!
Hel-viken, to the left!
Hel-viken, to the left!
Hel-viken, to the left!
Hel-viken, left side!
Hel-viken, left side!
Hel-viken, on your right!
Hel-viken, on your right!
Hel-viken, on your right!
Hel-viken, to the right!
Hel-viken, to the right!
Hel-viken, to the right!
Hel-viken, right side!
Hel-viken, right side!
Hel-Walker!
Hel-Walker!
Hel-Walker!
Hel-Walker!
Hel-Walker!
Hel-Walker ahead!
Hel-Walker ahead!
Hel-Walker ahead!
Hel-Walker, behind you!
Hel-Walker, behind you!
Hel-Walker, behind you!
Hel-Walker, behind you!
Hel-Walker, at your back!
Hel-Walker, at your back!
Hel-Walker, at your back!
Hel-Walker, behind you!
Hel-Walker, behind you!
Hel-Walker, behind you!
Hel-Walker, on your left!
Hel-Walker, on your left!
Hel-Walker, on your left!
Hel-Walker, to the left!
Hel-Walker, to the left!
Hel-Walker, left side!
Hel-Walker, left side!
Hel-Walkers!
Hel-Walkers!
Hel-Walkers!
Hel-Walkers, ahead!
Hel-Walkers, ahead!
Hel-Walkers, ahead!
Hel-Walker, on your right!
Hel-Walker, on your right!
Hel-Walker, on your right!
Hel-Walker, to the right!
Hel-Walker, to the right!
Hel-Walker, right side!
Hel-Walker, right side!
Helwight!
Helwight!
Helwight!
Helwight!
Helwight, up ahead!
Helwight, up ahead!
Helwight, up ahead!
Helwight, watch him!
Helwight, watch him!
Helwight, behind you!
Helwight, behind you!
Helwight, behind you!
Helwight, behind you!
Helwight, behind you!
Helwight, at your back!
Helwight, at your back!
Helwight, at your back!
Helwight, on your left!
Helwight, on your left!
Helwight, to the left!
Helwight, to the left!
Helwight, to the left!
Helwight, left side!
Helwight, left side!
Helwight, on your right!
Helwight, on your right!
Helwight, to the right!
Helwight, to the right!
Helwight, to the right!
Helwight, right side!
Helwight, right side!
Nightmare!
Nightmare!
Nightmare!
Nightmare!
Nightmare!
Nightmare, ahead!
Nightmare, ahead!
Nightmare, ahead!
Nightmare, behind you!
Nightmare, behind you!
Nightmare, at your back!
Nightmare, at your back!
Nightmare, on your left!
Nightmare, on your left!
Nightmare, to the left!
Nightmare, to the left!
Nightmare, left side!
Nightmare, left side!
Nightmares!
Nightmares!
Nightmares, ahead!
Nightmares, ahead!
Nightmares, ahead!
Nightmares, gross!
Nightmares, gross!
Nightmare, on your right!
Nightmare, on your right!
Nightmare, to the right!
Nightmare, to the right!
Nightmare, to the right!
Nightmare, right side!
Nightmare, right side!
Nightmare, right side!
Ogre!
Ogre!
Ogre!
Ogre!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, ahead!
Ogre, get ready!
Ogre, get ready!
Ogre, get ready!
Ogre, behind you!
Ogre, behind you!
Ogre, behind you!
Ogre, on your left!
Ogre, on your left!
Ogre, on your right!
Ogre, on your right!
Reaver!
Reaver!
Reaver, ahead!
Reaver, ahead!
Reaver, behind you!
Reaver, behind you!
Reaver, at your back!
Reaver, at your back!
Behind you, reaver!
Behind you, reaver!
Reaver, on your left!
Reaver, on your left!
Reaver, on your left!
Reaver, left side!
Reaver, left side!
Left side, reaver!
Left side, reaver!
Reavers!
Reavers!
Reavers!
Reavers, ahead!
Reavers, ahead!
Reaver, on your right!
Reaver, on your right!
Reaver, right side!
Reaver, right side!
Right side, reaver!
Right side, reaver!
Revenant!
Revenant!
Revenant!
Revenant!
Revenant!
It’s a revenant!
It’s a revenant!
It’s a revenant!
It’s a revenant!
Revenant, ahead!
Revenant, ahead!
Revenant, ahead!
Revenant, ahead!
Revenant, ahead!
Revenant, behind you!
Revenant, behind you!
Revenant, behind you!
Revenant, behind you!
Watch out, revenant behind you!
Watch out, revenant behind you!
Watch out, revenant behind you!
Revenant, she’s behind you!
Revenant, she’s behind you!
Revenant, she’s behind you!
Revenant, on your left!
Revenant, on your left!
Revenant, on your left!
Revenant, on the left!
Revenant, on the left!
Revenant, on the left!
Revenant, left side!
Revenant, left side!
Revenant, left side!
Revenant, on your right!
Revenant, on your right!
Revenant, on your right!
Revenant, on your right!
Revenant, on your right!
Revenant, on your right!
Revenant, on the right!
Revenant, on the right!
Revenant, on the right!
Revenant, right side!
Revenant, right side!
I see them!
I see them!
I’m ready!
I’m ready!
I’m ready!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Let’s do this!
Let’s do this!
Let’s do this!
Let’s do this!
Let’s do this!
Let’s do this!
We got this!
We got this!
We got this!
We got this!
Tatzelwurm!
Tatzelwurm!
Tatzelwurm!
Tatzelwurm!
Tatzelwurm!
Tatzelwurm, ahead!
Tatzelwurm, ahead!
Tatzelwurm, ahead!
A Tatzelwurm!
A Tatzelwurm!
A Tatzelwurm!
A Tatzelwurm!
A Tatzelwurm!
Tatzelwurm, behind you!
Tatzelwurm, behind you!
Tatzelwurm, behind you!
Tatzelwurm behind you, careful!
Tatzelwurm behind you, careful!
Watch out! Tatzelwurm, behind you!
Watch out! Tatzelwurm, behind you!
Tatzelwurm, on your left!
Tatzelwurm, on your left!
Tatzelwurm, on your left!
Tatzelwurm, to your left!
Tatzelwurm, to your left!
Tatzelwurm, to your left!
Tatzelwurm, left side!
Tatzelwurm, left side!
Tatzelwurms!
Tatzelwurms!
Tatzelwurm, on your right!
Tatzelwurm, on your right!
Tatzelwurm, on your right!
Tatzelwurm, on your right!
Tatzelwurm, on the right!
Tatzelwurm, on the right!
Tatzelwurm, right side!
Tatzelwurm, right side!
Traveler!
Traveler!
Traveler!
Traveler, up ahead!
Traveler, up ahead!
Traveler, up ahead!
Traveler, ahead!
Traveler, ahead!
Traveler, ahead!
Traveler, ahead!
Traveler, behind you!
Traveler, behind you!
Traveler, on your left!
Traveler, on your left!
Traveler, on your left!
Traveler, on your right!
Traveler, on your right!
Traveler, on your right!
Traveler, on your right!
Traveler, on your right!
Troll!
Troll!
Troll!
Troll!
Troll, up ahead!
Troll, up ahead!
Troll, up ahead!
Troll, up ahead!
Troll, up ahead!
Troll, up ahead!
Look out, troll!
Look out, a troll!
Look out, a troll!
Look out, a troll!
Troll, behind you!
Troll, behind you!
Troll, behind you!
There’s a troll behind you!
There’s a troll behind you!
Look out, troll behind you!
Look out, troll behind you!
Troll, on your left!
Troll, on your left!
Troll, on your left!
Troll, on your left!
Troll, left side!
Troll, left side!
Troll, left side!
Troll, on the left!
Troll, on the left!
Troll, on the left!
Troll, on the left!
Troll, on your right!
Troll, on your right!
Troll, right side!
Troll, right side!
Troll, on the right!
Troll, on the right!
Wolves!
Wolves!
Wolves, up ahead!
Wolves, up ahead!
Wolves, ahead!
Wolves, ahead!
These wolves look kinda sick.
These wolves look kinda sick.
Wolves, behind you!
Wolves, behind you!
Wolves, at your back!
Wolves, at your back!
Wolves, at your back!
Wolves, on your left!
Wolves, on your left!
Wolves, to the left!
Wolves, to the left!
Wolves, left side!
Wolves, left side!
Wolves, left side!
Feral wolves!
Feral wolves!
Feral wolves, ahead!
Feral wolves, ahead!
Rabid wolves!
Rabid wolves!
Rabid wolves, ahead!
Rabid wolves, ahead!
Wolves, on your right!
Wolves, on your right!
Wolves, to the right!
Wolves, to the right!
Wolves, to the right!
Wolves, right side!
Wolves, right side!
Wulver!
Wulver!
Wulver!
Wulver, up ahead!
Wulver, up ahead!
Wulver, up ahead!
Look, a wulver!
Look, a wulver!
Wulver, behind you!
Wulver, behind you!
Wulver, at your back!
Wulver, at your back!
Wulver, at your back!
Wulver, behind you!
Wulver, behind you!
Wulver, behind you!
Wulver, on your left!
Wulver, on your left!
Wulver, on your left!
Wulver, on your left!
Wulver, to your left!
Wulver, to your left!
Wulver, to your left!
Wulver, left side!
Wulver, left side!
Wulver, left side!
Wulver, on your right!
Wulver, on your right!
Wulver, on your right!
Wulver, on the right!
Wulver, on the right!
Wulver, on the right!
Wulver, right side!
Wulver, right side!
Staying put!
Staying put!
I’ll hold ’em off here!
I’ll hold ’em off here!
I’m holding position!
I’m holding position!
Holding position!
Holding position!
Try using your fists!
Try using your fists!
Maybe just beat ’em down!
Maybe just beat ’em down!
Get away!
Get away!
They’re too close, falling back!
They’re too close, falling back!
Enemies above you!
Enemies above you!
Enemies above!
Enemies above!
Enemies above!
Enemies, up there!
Enemies, up there!
Enemies above us!
Enemies above us!
Enemies above us!
Above us!
Above us!
More—above us!
More—above us!
Behind you!
Behind you!
Behind you!
Enemy behind you, look out!
Enemy behind you, look out!
Enemy behind you, look out!
Enemy behind you!
Enemy behind you!
Enemy behind you!
Look out behind you!
Look out behind you!
Look out behind you!
Turn around! Father!
Turn around! Father!
Watch your back!
Watch your back!
Turn around!
Turn around!
Turn around!
Behind you!
Behind you!
Behind you!
Look out behind you!
Look out behind you!
Look out behind you!
Enemy behind you!
Enemy behind you!
Enemy behind you!
Look out behind you!
Look out behind you!
Enemy at your back!
Enemy at your back!
Enemy at your back!
Watch your back!
Watch your back!
Watch your back!
Watch out, enemy behind you!
Watch out, enemy behind you!
It’s behind you!
It’s behind you!
It’s behind you!
She’s behind you!
She’s behind you!
She’s behind you!
He’s behind you!
He’s behind you!
He’s behind you!
Enemy down there!
Enemy down there!
Enemy down there!
Down there, enemies!
Down there, enemies!
Enemies below!
Enemies below!
Enemies below!
Below us!
Below us!
Below us!
More—below us!
More—below us!
More—below us!
Hel-Walkers, above us!
Hel-Walkers, above us!
Enemy on the left!
Enemy on the left!
There’s one on the left!
There’s one on the left!
Father, to your left!
Father, to your left!
On your left!
On your left!
On your left!
Another on the left!
Another on the left!
Another on the left!
Left side!
Left side!
Left side!
Enemy on your right!
Enemy on your right!
Enemy on the right!
Enemy on the right!
There’s one on the right!
There’s one on the right!
Father, to your right!
Father, to your right!
To your right!
To your right!
To your right!
Another to the right!
Another to the right!
Another to the right!
Right side!
Right side!
Right side!
There’s too many!
There’s too many!
There’s too many!
She just disappeared?!
She just disappeared?!
She keeps dodging your axe!
She’s too quick!
She’s too quick!
She keeps dancing around!
She keeps dancing around!
She keeps dancing around!
Sit still already!
Sit still already!
How does she keep doing that!?
How does she keep doing that!?
She’s fast!
She’s fast!
That’s so annoying!
That’s so annoying!
Quit it!
Quit it!
The Revenant’s summoning Nightmares!
The Revenant’s summoning Nightmares!
How many does she have in there?
How many does she have in there?
She’s summoning Nightmares!
That’s so gross!
She’s summoning Nightmares!
That’s so gross!
She’s summoning more Nightmares!
She’s summoning more Nightmares!
She’s summoning more Nightmares!
She’s summoning more Nightmares!
She’s summoning more Nightmares!
She’s summoning more Nightmares!
Great, more Nightmares to deal with!
Great, more Nightmares to deal with!
Great, more Nightmares to deal with!
Great, more Nightmares to deal with!
Whoah… she’s summoning Nightmares!
Whoah… she’s summoning Nightmares!
I don’t think you should step in that.
Just saying.
Look, that Draugr has a shield.
Look, that Draugr has a shield.
Look, that Draugr has a shield.
Just kidding, here comes more of ’em!
I thought we were done!
Nevermind, guess there’s more!
Nevermind, guess there’s more!
Guess we’re not done yet!
Here comes more of ’em!
MORE enemies?!
Great, another wave of enemies!
Great, another wave of enemies!
Guess we’re STILL not done!
This has gotta be the last wave, right?
This has gotta be the last wave, right?
Finally…
Finally…
Phew… That was a long one.
Phew…
That was a long one.
Phew… That was a long one.
I can barely feel my fingers after that one!
It’s over.
It is over, isn’t it?
It’s over.
It is over, isn’t it?
That was a long one!
That was a long one!
It’s over.
It’s over.
What—can’t even beat a kid?
You gonna tryand hit me?
Come on—just try and hit me!
Too fast for you!
What—want an arrow in your face?
What—want an arrow in your face?
Go back under your rock!
Go back under your rock!
That thing’s still sticking out of you!
Shouldn’t you pull that thing out?
Glad they aren’t sticking me with those things.
Father, check this out!
I’ll try!
I’ll try!
I’ll try!
How does the ground taste?
How does the ground taste?
Knocking this one down!
Knocking this one down!
I’ll bring him down!
I’ll bring him down!
I’ll bring him down!
Have a nice trip!
Bringing this one down!
Does this help?
Whoa!
Whoa!
OOH!
OOH!
OOOOH!
OOOOH!
OOOOH!
Ouch.
Ouch.
I felt that!
I felt that!
OOOOOOOH!
That was crazy!
That was crazy!
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
I think you killed him.
That musta hurt.
Boy, you really don’t like those guys…
Boy, you really don’t like those guys…
Wow…
Enemy behind you!
Enemy behind you!
Enemy behind you!
Got’em, watch your back!
Got’em, watch your back!
Enemy at your back, I got ’em!
I don’t think so!
He’s going underground!
He went back under!
He went back under!
Here he comes!
Here he comes!
Here he comes!
He’s coming for you!
He’s coming for you!
No! Don’t leave me alone here!
No! Don’t leave me alone here!
I’m so sick of these things!
Do you know who you’re messing with here?!
You think I won’t kill you!
You maggot! Die!
You’re just a piece of filth!
Just die already!
Die, Die!
Die, Die!
Rawwrrr!
Rawwrrr!
Rawwrrr!
I hate you!
I hate you!
Draugr fire!
Draugr fire!
Draugr fire!
Draugr fire, incoming!
Draugr fire, incoming!
Draugr fire, incoming!
Draugr fire, watch him!
Draugr fire, from above!
Draugr fire, above you!
Draugr firing from above!
Above you! Draugr fire!
Draugr fire, watch your back!
Draugr fire, watch your back!
Behind you, draugr fire!
Draugr fire, behind you!
Draugr fire, on the left!
Left side! Draugr fire!
Draugr fire, left side!
Draugr fire, left side!
Draugr fire, left side!
Draugr fire, on the right!
Right side! Draugr fire!
Draugr fire, right side!
He wasn’t so tough!
He wasn’t so tough!
That was easy!
Easy kill!
Can’t believe we got through that!
Can’t believe we got through that!
Can’t believe we got through that!
Can’t believe we got through that!
Just two left!
Just two left!
Tell me if I should fire!
Tell me if I should fire!
Don’t forget about me!
Don’t forget about me!
Hello? I can fight too!
Hello? I can fight too!
Shouldn’t I be firing more arrows?
Shouldn’t I be firing more arrows?
Shouldn’t I be firing more arrows?
You know I can help, right?
You know I can help, right?
I can take them!
I can take them!
I can take them!
Let me take out some of them!
Let me take out some of them!
Should I fire more arrows?
They’re attacking again!
They’re still attacking!
He’s attacking again!
He’s attacking again!
Here he comes again!
Here he comes again!
They’re still firing!
He’s still firing on us!
More incoming fire!
They’re firing again!
He’s firing on us again!
He’s firing on us again!
I don’t like how they’re looking at me!
I don’t like how they’re looking at me!
What was that?!
Whoah, it’s a Tatzelwurm!
A Traveler…
A Traveler…
Whoah, a Revenant! I’ve never seen one before!
Is that a… Dark ELF? Whoah…
Is that a… Dark ELF? Whoah…
Is that a… Dark ELF? Whoah…
He’s so fast!
He’s so fast!
What’s he doing?
He’s summoning more of ’em!
He’s summoning more of ’em!
He keeps summoning more!
He keeps summoning more!
He’s back!
He’s back!
They explode, I remember.
What is THAT thing?
What is THAT thing?
Whoah, what is that!
It’s one of the Ancients!
How do you kill something made of rock?
How do you kill something made of rock?
There!
There!
There!
You knocked a piece of him off!
Whoah, I can’t believe that worked!
Whoah, I can’t believe that worked!
They have axes, too?
These guys can MOVE!
These guys can MOVE!
So fast!
So fast!
How do we beat all these guys!
We’re surrounded!
Another Draugr!
Another Draugr!
Reavers! But, these ones don’t look dead?
Reavers! But, these ones don’t look dead?
A Reaver! But it looks dead!
Oh, gross!!
Wolves! They don’t look very friendly…
Wolves! They don’t look very friendly…
A Wulver…
A Wulver…
The Ancient’s almost dead!
That Ogre’s almost dead!
Revenant’s almost dead!
That one’s injured!
That one’s injured!
That one’s injured!
Almost got me!
So slow!
You even trying to hit me?
Is this your first fight?
You supposed to scare me?
That all you got?
Nice try!
Ha! Too fast for ya!
Someone needs practice!
You guys are rusty!
You guys are too slow!
Too fast for you?
Dodged it!
That one explodes, watch out!
Exploding Draugr!
Watch him, he’s gonna explode!
Exploding Draugr!
Exploding Draugr!
The axe isn’t working!
The axe isn’t working!
The axe isn’t working?
The axe isn’t working?
This axe isn’t cutting it!
The blades aren’t working!
The blades don’t seem very effective!
It’s not hurting them!
Looks like that weapon doesn’t hurt them!
Try throwing your axe at him!
He keeps exploding when you swing at him!
He keeps exploding when you swing at him!
Try hitting him from a distance!
Did you see that?!
I got him!
He can throw fire?!
Pull it out!
Father! You okay?
Whoah, you’re on FIRE right now!
Whoah, you’re on FIRE right now!
Father, you’re on FIRE right now!
Father, you’re on FIRE right now!
Whoah! Your axe DOES freeze enemies! Neat!
Whoah, did that freeze you?
Whoah, did that freeze you?
Ew, father… are you okay?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Hey, ugly!
Hey, ugly!
Give us back our deer you ugly troll!
Give us back our deer you ugly troll!
C’mon! You want some?!
I’ll kill you for that!
You’re nothing!
Get him, father! Kill him!
Stupid troll! I’ll KILL YOU!
Stupid troll! I’ll KILL YOU!
You’re frozen!
Ice attack, incoming!
Ice magic, incoming!
Ice magic, incoming!
Ice magic, incoming!
Ice attack, behind you!
Ice magic, behind you!
Ice magic, watch your back!
Behind you, Ice magic!
Behind you, Ice magic!
Left side, Ice attack!
Ice attack, left side!
Ice attack, on your left!
Ice magic, on your left!
Right side! Ice attack!
Ice attack, on your right!
Ice magic, right side!
Ice attack, right side!
Fire, incoming!
Fire, above us!
Fire, above you!
Fire, above you!
Above you, look out!
Above you, watch out!
Above you, watch out!
Look out, above you!
Above you, incoming fire!
Fire behind you!
Fire from behind!
Behind you, enemy fire!
Behind you, incoming fire!
Fire behind you!
Fire from behind!
Behind you, enemy fire!
Behind you, incoming fire!
Fire, below us!
Fire from below!
Fire, from down there!
Below us, incoming fire!
Fire on your left!
On your left, incoming fire!
On your left, incoming fire!
Fire on your left!
Fire on your right!
On your right, incoming fire!
On your right, incoming fire!
On your right, incoming fire!
On your right, incoming fire!
Fire on your right!
Fire on your right!
Here comes poison!
Here comes poison!
Watch the poison!
Poison, look out!
Poison!
Poison!
Incoming poison!
Poison, incoming!
Look out!
Watch out!
Careful!
Look out Father!
Watch out Father!
Watch out Father!
Watch ’em!
Watch ’em!
Here it comes!
Behind you!
Behind you, watch out!
Behind you, look out!
From behind!
Watch your back!
Look out behind you!
Behind you!
Behind you, watch out!
Behind you, look out!
From behind!
Watch your back!
Watch your back!
Look out behind you!
There! His weak point!
There! His weak point!
Try throwing that at him!
Try throwing it at him!
Eat this!
Keeping ’em down!
Raawwwrr!!
Raawwwrr!!
Watch out for his axe!
His ax, watch out!
How’d you hit that?
How’d you hit that?
Nice aim!
Nice aim!
Nice aim!
What a shot!
What a shot!
Nice hit!
Whoah, great shot!
Whoah, great shot!
Whoah, great shot!
Great shot!
Great shot!
Behind you, Nightmare fire!
Behind you, Nightmare fire!
Right side, Nightmare fire!
Right side, Nightmare fire!
Left side, Nightmare fire!
Left side, Nightmare fire!
Left side, Nightmare fire!
We did it! We killed an Ancient!
Dark Elf down!
Dark Elf down!
Dark Elf down!
She’s down!
She’s down!
We got her!
We got her!
Heavy Draugr’s down!
Heavy Draugr’s down!
Yeah, take that, Nightmare!
One dead Nightmare!
One dead Nightmare!
One dead Nightmare!
Ogre’s down!
Ogre’s down!
Got the Ogre!
That’s one dead Ogre!
That’s one dead Ogre!
That took forever!
Those ones are tough!
Those guys are tough to kill!
These guys are tough to kill!
The troll’s down!
Got him! Finally!
One less troll to worry about.
Yeah, take that, troll!
Yeah, take that, troll!
Took down the troll!
Took down the troll!
Got the troll!
Got the troll!
Wulver’s down!
Wulver’s down!
Got the Wulver!
That Wulver’s down!
The Wulver’s down!
Whoa, fire…
Whoa, fire…
Yeah, clear ’em out!
Yeah, clear ’em out!
That’ll teach’em!
Whoa, the blades have special moves too?
Oooh, the blades have special moves too?
I knocked one down!
I knocked one down!
I knocked one down!
I injured one!
I injured one!
Knocked one down!
It’s hurt! Get ’em!
Right there, I injured one!
More Draugr. But this one looks different?
More Draugr. But this one looks different?
More Draugr. But this one looks different?
This Draugr’s… different?
This Draugr’s… different?
This one is… different?
This one is… different?
Well… that’s new.
Whoah!
Whoah!
Whoah!
Nista!
Nista!
Nista!
Nista!
Nista!
Nista!
Nista!
It went inside him?
It went inside him?
He’s tossing enemies!
He’s throwing enemies!
He’s throwing bad guys!
Let go of him!
Whoah, look out!
He’s tossing rocks!
Let me try!
Let me try!
An ogre AND a troll?! You gotta be kidding me!
An ogre AND a troll?! You gotta be kidding me!
You’re poisoned!
You’re poisoned!
You got poisoned!
Behind you, Heavy Draugr!
Heavy Draugr, behind you!
Behind you, Heavy Draugr!
Behind you, Heavy Draugr!
Left side, Heavy Draugr!
Left side, Heavy Draugr!
Heavy Draugr, on your left!
Heavy Draugr, on your left!
Heavy Draugr, on your right!
Heavy Draugr, on your right!
Right side, Heavy Draugr!
Right side, Heavy Draugr!
Viken! Behind you!
Viken! Behind you!
Viken! Behind you!
Are we doing this?
Are we doing this?
Are we doing this?
Should we attack?
Should we attack?
Should we attack?
Are we gonna fight ’em?
Are we gonna fight ’em?
Should we fight, or try to sneak by?
Should we fight, or try to sneak by?
On your mark.
On your mark.
On your mark.
On your mark.
On your mark.
Are we attacking?
Are we attacking?
Just give the word.
Just give the word.
Just give the word.
I’m ready if you are.
I’m ready if you are.
I’m ready if you are.
I’m ready if you are.
Well, what’s the plan?
Well, what’s the plan?
what’s the plan?
What should we do?
What should we do?
Do we fight them?
Do we fight them?
Look, an Ancient.
Look, an Ancient.
Look, an Ancient.
Look, an Ancient.
Look, an Ancient.
Ancient ahead.
Ancient ahead.
Hel-viken. It doesn’t see us.
Hel-viken. It doesn’t see us.
Hel-viken. It doesn’t see us.
Hel-viken up ahead.
Hel-viken up ahead.
Hel-viken up ahead.
Hel-viken up ahead.
Hel-viken.
Hel-viken.
Hel-viken.
Dark Elf ahead.
Dark Elf ahead.
Dark Elves.
Dark Elves.
Dark Elves.
Dark Elves.
Dark Elves.
Dark Elves… They don’t see us.
Dark Elves… They don’t see us.
Dark Elves… They don’t see us.
Draugr.
Draugr.
Draugr.
Draugr.
Draugr.
Enemies.
Enemies.
Hostiles.
Hostiles.
Hostiles.
Hostiles.
Hostiles up ahead.
Hostiles up ahead.
Hostiles up ahead.
Let’s take ’em!
Let’s take ’em!
This’ll be easy, we’re gods!
This’ll be easy, we’re gods!
I’ll take care of this!
I’ll take care of this!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
ATTACK!!!
ATTACK!!!
ATTACK!!!
CHARGE!!!
CHARGE!!!
CHARGE!!!
CHARGE!!!
Reavers up ahead.
Hel-Reavers up ahead.
Hel-Reavers up ahead.
Hel-Reavers, but they don’t see us.
Hel-Reavers, but they don’t see us.
Hel-Reavers, but they don’t see us.
Hel-Reavers.
Hel-Reavers.
Hel-Reavers.
Hel-Shadows. They don’t see us, though.
Hel-Shadows. They don’t see us, though.
Look,
Hel-Shadows.
Look, Hel-Shadows.
Look, Hel-Shadows.
Hel-Shadows.
Hel-Shadows.
Nightmares. They don’t see us.
Nightmares. They don’t see us.
Ugh, Nightmares. Gross.
Ugh, Nightmares. Gross.
Ugh, Nightmares. Gross.
Nightmares ahead.
Nightmares ahead.
Ogre. I don’t think he sees us.
Ogre. I don’t think he sees us.
Ogre ahead.
Ogre ahead.
Ogre ahead.
Ogre ahead.
Ogre ahead.
Ogre.
Ogre.
Reavers up ahead.
Reavers, but they doesn’t see us.
Reavers, but they doesn’t see us.
Reavers, but they doesn’t see us.
Reavers.
Reavers.
Shadows.
Shadows.
Viken.
Viken.
Viken up ahead.
Viken up ahead.
Viken. It doesn’t see us.
Viken. It doesn’t see us.
Viken. It doesn’t see us.
Viken. It doesn’t see us.
Viken. It doesn’t see us.
Viken. It doesn’t see us.
Wulver ahead. Doesn’t see us, though.
Wulver ahead. Doesn’t see us, though.
Wulver ahead.
Wulver ahead.
Wulver ahead.
Wulver ahead.
Wulver.
Wulver.
More coming in!
More coming in!
There’s more!
There’s more!
More enemies coming in!
More enemies coming in!
More to the left!
More to the left!
More on your left!
More on your left!
On the left, more of them!
On the left, more of them!
More enemies on the left!
More enemies on the left!
More behind you!
Behind you, more of them!
More of ’em, behind you!
More behind you!
More behind you!
Behind you, more of them!
More of ’em, behind you!
More of ’em, behind you!
Behind you, more enemies!
Behind you, more enemies!
More enemies, behind!
More to the right!
More on your right!
On the right, more of them!
More enemies on the right!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Ljósta!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Þruma!
Where’re all these Dark Elves coming from?
More Draugr?!
More Draugr?!
More draugr!
More draugr!
More draugr!
Sure are a lot of Draugr around here!
Sure are a lot of Draugr around here!
A lot of draugr around here!
More Heavy Draugr!
More Heavy Draugr!
Heavy Draugr jumping in!
Heavy Draugr, careful!
More Heavy Draugr behind you!
More Heavy Draugr behind you!
More Heavy Draugr behind you!
Left side, more Heavy Draugr!
Left side, more Heavy Draugr!
On your right, more Heavy Draugr!
On your right, more Heavy Draugr!
More Nightmares, ugh!
More Nightmares, ugh!
These Ogres keep getting uglier and uglier!
These Ogres keep getting uglier and uglier!
Another Ogre?!
How many Ogres are we gonna have to kill?
How many Ogres are we gonna have to kill?
More fire throwers, above you!
More fire throwers, above you!
More fire throwers, on your left!
More fire throwers, on your right!
More fire throwers, behind you!
Another Revenant!
Another Revenant!
We’ve got another Revenant!
We’ve got another Revenant!
These Revenants don’t quit!
Great, another Revenant!
Another troll?!
Behind you, more Draugr!
More Draugr behind you!
More Draugr at your back!
I can’t do this without you.
I can’t do this without you.
Up you go…
Up you go…
Up you go…
Up you go…
Father, get up!
Father, get up!
You’ll be okay.
You’ll be okay.
C’mon. Up!
C’mon. Up!
You’re back.
You’re back.
Let’s go!
Let’s go!
They got lucky.
They got lucky.
You’re all right?
You’re all right?
Hel-Reaver, behind you!
Hel-Reaver, behind you!
Hel-Reaver, left side!
Hel-Reaver, left side!
Hel-Reaver, on your right!
Hel-Reaver, on your right!
Watch out, Ogre behind you!
Watch out, Ogre behind you!
On the left, Ogre!
On the left, Ogre!
Right side, Ogre!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go!
I’m with you!
I’m with you!
I’m with you!
Yeah, let’s do this!
Yeah, let’s do this!
Right behind you!
Right behind you!
Right behind you!
Guess we’re doing this!
Guess we’re doing this!
Okay, here we go!
It’s go-time!
It’s go-time!
Let’s do this!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go!
I’m with you!
Yeah, let’s do this!
Right behind you!
Right behind you!
Guess we’re doing this!
Okay, here we go!
It’s go-time!
Let’s do this!
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
You don’t look so good!
You don’t look so good!
Not now, Mimir!
Not now, Mimir!
Not now, Mimir!
Not now, Mimir!
Maybe tell us later!
Maybe tell us later!
Now’s not really a good time!
Now’s not really a good time!
You could probably just beat ’em up!
You could probably just beat ’em up!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Galti atrás!
Kráku lið!
Kráku lið!
Kráku lið!
Kráku lið!
Kráku lið!
Kráku lið!
Kráku lið!
Kráku lið!
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Elgr hríð
Fálki lið!
Fálki lið!
Fálki lið!
Fálki lið!
Fálki lið!
Fálki lið!
Fálki lið!
Fálki lið!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ratatoskr!
Ulfr hlaup!
Ulfr hlaup!
Ulfr hlaup!
Ulfr hlaup!
Ulfr hlaup!
Ulfr hlaup!
Ulfr hlaup!
Ulfr hlaup!
Ulfr hlaup!
They’re on me! Gotta fall back.
They’re on me! Gotta fall back.
Getting some distance!
Getting some distance!
Too close!
Too close!
I gotta find some distance!
I gotta find some distance!
Behind you!
Behind you!
Behind you!
Behind you!
Look out behind you!
Look out behind you!
Turn around! Father!
Watch your back!
Turn around!
We’re almost through!
Almost got it!
Almost got it!
Almost got it!
Almost through the armor!
Almost through the armor!
We’re breaking through!
His armor’s damaged!
We’re breaking through the armor!
His armor’s weakening!
His armor’s weakening!
His armor’s tough!
That armor’s tough!
His armor’s gone!
We got through the armor!
There it goes!
There it goes!
Armor’s gone!
Armor’s gone!
Here it comes!
Here it comes!
Time to move!
He’s casting a spell or something!
He’s casting a spell or something!
My arrows aren’t hurting him…!
My arrows aren’t hurting him…!
My arrows aren’t hurting him…!
Watch his fire!
Troll fire, incoming!
He’s throwing fire!
He doesn’t look happy!
He’s getting angry!
Here he goes!
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
What’s he doing?
His arm’s glowing!
His arm’s glowing!
His arm’s glowing!
His foot’s glowing!
Enemy firing from above!
Above us! Enemy fire!
Up there! He’s firing at us!
Up there! He’s firing on us!
Enemy firing from above!
Above us! Enemy fire!
Above us! Enemy fire!
Up there! He’s firing at us!
Up there! He’s firing at us!
Quit it!
Get up, father!
Get up, father!
No! Stop!
No! Stop!
No! Stop!
Hey get off him!
Hey get off him!
Hey get off him!
I got him stuck!
I got him stuck!
He’s not going anywhere!
He’s not going anywhere!
You’re not going anywhere!
Stay right there!
Stay right there!
Father, watch out!
Father, watch out!
Hey, get off him!
Hey, get off him!
Get offa him!
Not again!
Not again!
Don’t you have a shield?
What good’s a shield if you’re not going to use it?
Well, this is a fine mess.
Oi, that’s just perfect.
So that’s it, then?
Brother!
Brother! Get up, Brother!
Brother, no!
Come on, get up, Brother!
Nightmares, ugh… What awful pests.
These have always given me the willies.
What if you tried something else?
That doesn’t seem to be working, Brother!
Don’t think that’s going to cut it!
Have you considered another tactic?
Perhaps you should try something else!
Good one, lad!
Fire from the left!
Fire, left flank!
Fire, left side!
Left flank, incoming!
Fire, behind you!
Fire from behind!
Fire at your back!
Behind you, incoming!
Fire from the right!
Fire, right flank!
Fire, right side!
Right flank, incoming!
You’re rather skilled with those!
Incredible…
Happy to be on your side, Brother.
Oop, sorry I missed that one.
I can’t see the front ones, Brother!
You’re on your own with the frontal attacks, Brother.
On your left!
Left side!
Left flank!
Watch your left!
Left side, brother!
Behind you!
Behind you, watch out!
Behind you, look out!
From behind!
Watch your back!
Look out behind you!
Behind you, brother!
Aahh!
On your right!
Right side!
Right flank!
Watch your right!
Right side, brother!
Axe behind you!
Axe behind you, brother!
You are one vicious son of a bitch!
Good lord, brother.
Impressive!
Nicely done!
Good show!
Glad I’m on your side!
Impressive, lad!
Nice work, lad!
Good shot, lad!
Well done, lad!
That’s impressive!
You two make quite a formidable duo.
That’s showing ’em!
Aye! Give ’em what for!
Whoah!
The apple doesn’t fall far!
You okay, Brother?
You don’t look too good.
Everything okay back there?
You’re moving a bit slow.
Have you considered a tactical retreat?
You gonna be alright?
Brother!?
Hang in there, brother!
Find some health!
Oh! I felt that one brother!
How’s it going on your end?
You handling yourself okay back there?
How’s everything going, Brother?
Sounds like you’ve got a handle on everything back there.
You’ve done all this before, haven’t you?
Well, this is certainly more interesting than being stuck in a tree.
Are we currently in much danger? I can’t tell from back here.
I wish I could see what’s happening out there.
I bet it’s entertaining, at the very least!
Can I do anything to help?
Oh right, I’m a severed head on a belt.
Give ’em Hel, Brother!
Oof!
Eeeh!
Whoah!
Well… that’s new.
Oof… Chilly.
Good thing you’ve got the beard to keep you warm.
That really does sting…
Now that’s unpleasant.
Enemy on the left!
Enemy to the left!
Target on the left!
Enemy behind you!
Enemy at your back!
Enemy on your right!
Enemy to the right!
Target on the right!
Behind you, Heavy Draugr!
Heavy Draugr, behind you!
Left side, Heavy Draugr!
Heavy Draugr, on your left!
Right side, Heavy Draugr!
Heavy Draugr, on your right!
More behind you, Brother!
More behind you!
A few extra to deal with back here!
You missed some back here!
Oh good, more creatures!
More just showed up back here !
More to the left!
Left side, Brother. More of them!
More on your left!
Another wave on the left!
More to the right!
Right side, more of them!
More on your right, Brother!
Another wave on the right!
Viken behind you, Brother!
Viken behind you!
Viken to your left!
Viken on the left, Brother!
Viken on your right!
Viken to your right, Brother!
Dark Elf behind you, Brother!
Dark Elf behind you!
Dark Elf to the left!
Dark Elf on your left, Brother!
Dark Elf on your right!
Dark Elf to the right, Brother!
Draugr behind you, Brother!
Draugr behind you!
Draugr to the left!
Draugr on your left, Brother!
Draugr on your right!
Draugr to the right, Brother!
Hel-Reaver behind you, Brother!
Hel-Reaver behind you!
Hel-Reaver to the left!
Hel-Reaver on your left, Brother!
Hel-Reaver on your right!
Hel-Reaver to the right, Brother!
Hel-Shadow behind you, Brother!
Hel-Shadow to the left!
Hel-Shadow behind you!
Hel-Shadow on your left, Brother!
Hel-Shadow on your right!
Hel-Shadow to the right, Brother!
Hel-Viken behind you, Brother!
Hel-Viken behind you!
Hel-Viken to the left!
Hel-Viken on your left, Brother!
Hel-Viken on your right!
Hel-Viken to the right, Brother!
Nightmare behind you, Brother!
Nightmare behind you!
Wulver to the right,
Brother!
Nightmare to the left!
Nightmare on your left, Brother
Nightmare on your right!
Nightmare to the right, Brother!
Ogre behind you, Brother!
Ogre behind you!
Ogre to the left!
Ogre on your left, Brother!
Ogre on your right!
Ogre to the right, Brother!
Reaver behind you, Brother!
Reaver behind you!
Reaver to the left!
Reaver on your left, Brother!
Reaver on the right!
Reaver to your right, Brother!
Revenant behind you, Brother!
Revenant, behind you!
Revenant to your left!
Revenant to your left, Brother
Revenant on your right!
Revenant to your right, Brother!
Revenant to your right, Brother!
Shadow behind you, Brother!
Shadow behind you!
Shadow to your left!
Shadow on the left, Brother!
Shadow on your right!
Shadow to your right, Brother!
Tatzelwurm behind you, Brother!
Tatzelwurm behind you!
Tatzelwurm to the left!
Tatzelwurm on your left, Brother!
Tatzelwurm on your right!
Tatzelwurm to the right, Brother!
Troll behind you, Brother!
Troll behind you!
Troll to the left!
Troll on your left, Brother!
Troll on your right!
Troll to the right, Brother!
Wolf behind you, Brother!
Wolf behind you!
Wolf to the left!
Wolf on your left, Brother!
Wolf on your right!
Wolf to the right, Brother!
Wulver behind you, Brother!
Wulver behind you, Brother!
Wulver behind you!
Wulver to the left!
Wulver on your left, Brother!
Wulver on your right!
Wulver to the right, brother!
Brother? You’re on fire, brother.
Ah, yes. Seiðr poison. Not a fan.
You’re on fire, Kratos.
Phewww that’s warm!
Does that hurt? At all?
Have I told you the one about the Nightmare and the Ogre?
I have an interesting story about this place. Would you like to hear it?
Ah, Ratatoskr! Interesting story there. He once—
Wulvers…
Such tragic creatures.
Did you know they were—
Stunned enemy behind you!
This one’s hurting back here!
There’s an injured one back here!
Stunned enemy back here!
Injured enemy behind you!
There’s a hurt one back here, Brother!
Hurt one behind you!
Injured one back here!
Brother! The boy’s down!
The boy’s down!
Your son’s hurt!
Brother, your son’s down!
The boy’s hurt!
The boy needs a pick me up!
Brother! The boy!
The boy needs help!
They’ve got your boy!
Your son needs you, brother!
The boy! He needs help!
Your boy could use a hand!
Don’t you two have more important business to take care of?
We’ve lingered a bit too long here, aye?
Ah,
we’ve spent rather a long time here… don’t we have things to do?
Far be it from me to tell you where to go, but…
shouldn’t we continue on our journey?
Atreus!
Atreus!
ATREUS!
ATREUS!
ATREUS!
Atreus.
Atreus.
Atreus!
Atreus!
Atreus!
Atreus?
Atreus?
Atreus.
Atreus, come.
Atreus, come.
Atreus, come.
Atreus, here.
Atreus, here.
Atreus, here.
Atreus, here.
Atreus, now!
Atreus, now!
Now, Atreus!
Now, Atreus!
Atreus, slow down.
Atreus, slow down.
Atreus, to me.
Atreus, to me.
Atreus, to me.
Atreus, up there.
Atreus, up there.
Atreus, up there.
Atreus, up there.
Atreus, down there.
Atreus, down there.
Atreus, down there.
Atreus, down there.
Follow me, Atreus.
Follow me, Atreus.
Atreus, follow me.
Atreus!
Atreus!
Atreus!
Atreus!
Atreus!
Atreus!
Gah!
Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Aaah! You little brat!
Aaah!
You little brat!
Aaah!
You little brat!
Aaah!
You little brat!
Aaah! You little brat!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Aaah! You little brat!
Aaah! You little brat!
Aaah! You little brat!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Aaah! You little brat!
Aaah! You little brat!
Aaah! You little brat!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Aaah! You little brat!
Aaah! You little brat!
Aaah!
You little brat!
Aaah!
You little brat!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Gah! Get the boy!
Aaah! You little brat!
Aaah!
You little brat!
Aaah!
You little brat!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He wields magic!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He’s just one man!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
He killed Gunter!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Wait for an opening!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Thulame!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Spjót!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Villieldr!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Deyja!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Keep an eye on the archer!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Surround him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Don’t kill him!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
Remember to keep him alive!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
I can almost taste them!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Help me end this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die! Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, boy!
Curse you,
child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Help me end this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die! Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you, boy!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die! Die!
Die!
Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, boy!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Help me end this…
End this…
End this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die!
Die!
Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you, boy!
Curse you,
child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Help me end this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Soon…
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, boy!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die! Die! Die!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, boy!
Curse you,
child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die! Die! Die!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you, boy!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched boy!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die!
Die!
Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die! Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, boy!
Curse you,
child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
You are unworthy…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Valhalla shuns the likes of you…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Pointless…
Face me…
Face me…
Face me…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
An unworthy challenger…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
Hopeless…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
End this…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Kill me…
Set me free…
Set me free…
Set me free…
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You’ll die here!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
You will not defeat me!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Unjust!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Dishonorable!
Shame!
Shame!
Shame!
More…
More…
More…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Not Enough…
Soon…
Soon…
Soon…
Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die! Die! Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Die!
Unworthy! Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Unworthy!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worthless!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Worm!
Filth!
Filth!
Filth!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weakness!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Weak creature!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Pitiful!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you,
child!
Curse you, boy!
Curse you,
child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Wretched child!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
Valhalla!
My friends…!
My friends…!
My friends…!
Over here, guys.
Welcome back… to…
wherever we are.
Welcome back… to…
wherever we are.
Welcome back… to… wherever we are.
I had a feeling I’d be seeing you again…
I had a feeling I’d be seeing you again…
I had a feeling I’d be seeing you again…
Oh, good! You’ve come back to keep me company! I mean, uh…
buy stuff.
Oh, good! You’ve come back to keep me company! I mean, uh… buy stuff.
Oh, good! You’ve come back to keep me company!
I mean, uh…
buy stuff.
Hellooooooooooooo!
Hellooooooooooooo!
Hellooooooooooooo!
Is it getting colder? I think it’s getting colder.
Hello, you two.
Good sirs…
Does the air taste alright to everyone?
Still in one piece, I see!.
Don’t be shy!
Had a feelin’ I was about to see you again.
Hello again.
Good ta see ya, again.
Always open for you!
Oh, good. Hi there!
Aah! Don’t do that!
I was just thinking about you two.
Welcome back, fellas.
I knew it!
You’re following me!
Fancy seeing you here!
Oh. Hello.
I didn’t know you’d be coming through here.
The adult thing would be to help you… so…
“hi.”
Guess I’ll stop what I’m busy with now…
Oh.
Oh, it’s you…
You… again. Okay.
I guess I’m open…
Why…
is that a piece of my braided mistletoe arrow adorning your quiver strap?
A little memento of your good pal Sindri?
I’m so
terribly touched.
I’ve got something you’ll want to see!
I’ve got something you’ll want to see!
I’ve got something you’ll want to see!
Make sure you stop in and see the new goodies…
Hey…make sure you stop in and see the new goodies…
Oh! Make sure you stop in and see the new goodies…
You picked a good time to visit. Have a look…
You picked a good time to visit. Have a look…
Boy, did you pick a good time to visit!
Have a look…
Just got a hold of something shiny and new!
Just got a hold of something shiny and new!
Pssst! Just got a hold of something shiny and new!
I held onto something just for you.
I held onto something just for you.
I held onto something just for you.
Just got a hold of something shiny and new!
Just in time for some new goodies!
You won’t believe what I just made.
Come look! I was inspired!
I’ve just crafted a beauty. Wanna see?
Been hammering away on something new…
You might just cry when you see what I made.
You’re in luck! I made a new one.
Got something that might cheer you up.
I have something at least one of you will appreciate…
I made something new,
if it even matters to you…
Very well—
to business!
Oh, very well—
to business!
Very well—
to business!
So, what can I do for you two?
What can I do for you two?
What can I do for you two?
Yes, yes, come in…!
Uh… Yes, yes, come in…!
Uh, wait… No. Yes, yes, come in…!
To work we go!
To work we go!
To work we go!
To work we go!
What brings you around, friends?
So, what brings you around, friends?
So, what brings you around, friends?
Let’s do it.
Let’s get to it!
Where shall we begin?
Let’s get started then.
Ugh—I could use the distraction!
I’m feeling creative today.
What speaks to you?
I can do whatever you need.
Ready and ready.
Oh? I’m glad I’m still useful to you.
I guess I can muster the energy…
Can’t guarantee you’ll like my work today.
Ooh! A custom project, then.
Ooh! A custom project, then.
Ooh! A custom project, then.
Ooh! A custom project, then.
Yes—let’s create.
Yes—let’s create.
Oh, yes—let’s create.
And, uh... what are we building today?
And what are we building today?
And um...
what are we building today?
Something made-to-order, perhaps?
Something made-to-order, perhaps?
Something made-to-order, perhaps?
Ah, something special then…
Ah, something special then…
Oh ah, ohhh ahhh, something special then…
I can make whatever!
Oh, you got something specific in mind…
I can make whatever’s in your brain.
Want something particular, huh?
Oh, I’ll make you something.
Of course… whatever you need.
Something custom, huh?
Okay…
I guess I can make you something really special…
Oh, we can’t forget you.
Oh no, we can’t forget you.
Oh, we can’t forget you.
How about you, young one?
How about you, young one?
Pssst...how about you, young one?
Yes, dear boy?
Yes, dear boy?
Yes, dear boy?
And what can I do for you?
And what can I do for you?
And what can I do for you?
Master Atreus!
How may I serve?
Master Atreus!
How may I serve?
Master Atreus!
How may I serve?
And for you?
And for the youngster?
Yes, my young man?
And what do you have your eye on?
Anything you need, young sir…
Oh, did you want to say something…?
No…?
You sure you wouldn’t prefer Brok help you instead?
Wow. He deigns to let me help him.
Swell.
Something else for you then?
Something else for you then?
Something else for you then?
Something else for you then?
Something else for you then?
Something else for you then?
… aaand we're back to you.
… aaand back to you.
… aaand back to you.
… aaand we’re back to you.
What a surprise.
What did we miss?
What did we miss?
What did we miss?
What shall it be?
Hmm...what shall it be?
Ah, what shall it be?
Oooh...what more do you need?
Ah! What more do you need?
Uhh! What more do you need?
Ahhhh!
Hope it’s not too shiny.
Hope it’s not too shiny.
Hope it’s not too shiny.
Ah, so handsome.
SO handsome.
Ah, It’s like you were born in that armor.
Oh! It’s like you were born in that armor.
Oh! It’s like you were born in that armor.
That’s the smallest one I’ve ever made. But far from the least!
That’s the smallest one I’ve ever made. But far from the least!
That’s the smallest one I’ve ever made. But far from the least!
Look at that work.
We’ll spoil the boy!
Look at that work. We’ll spoil the boy!
Look at that work.
We’ll spoil the boy!
Thank you for being an appropriate size.
Here you go… little people’s little armor.
I think you’ll be pleased, young man.
I think you’ll be pleased, young man.
I think you’ll be pleased, young man.
I think you’ll be pleased, young man.
Silent but deadly…
The bow!
Pssst! Silent but deadly… The bow!
Silent but deadly…
Um… The bow!
I know you’ll use this wisely…
I know you’ll use this wisely…
I know you’ll use this wisely…
Careful with those. They sting,
I promise you.
Oh, um… careful with those. They, uh, they sting,
I promise you.
Careful with those. They sting, I promise you.
When you shoot these, they’ll say ‘ssssssindri!’
When you shoot these,
they’ll say ‘sindri!’
When you shoot these, they’ll say
‘sssindriiiiiiii!’
When you shoot these, they’ll say ‘ssssssindri!’ …
I’m serious.
Pssst! When you shoot these, they’ll say ‘ssssssindri!’
Aim carefully now…
(mouths the sound of an arrow firing and thudding into a target)
Oh? Nothing?
Okay.
Oh? Nothing?
Okay.
Oh? Nothing? Oh. Okay.
Well,
if you don’t need it, don’t buy it,
I always say.
Well,
if you don’t need it, don’t buy it,
I always say.
Well, um, if you don’t need it, don’t buy it,
I always say.
Not!
Oh, that’s fine,
always happy just to chat…
Oh, that’s fine, I’m always happy just to chat…
That’s fine, always happy just to chat…
Okay, um, come back when you need something, I guess.
Okay, come back when you need something, I guess.
Okay, um, come back when you need something,
I guess. Bye!
Nothing to your liking. I see.
Nothing to your liking. I see.
Nothing to your liking.
I see.
Well, don’t buy anything on my account.
You don’t need to make excuses to say hello…
Well, scrounge around a bit more and we’ll build something then.
Or never mind then!
Well, when you do need something, I’ll be around.
I suppose you prefer my brother’s work.
You’re wrong, of course.
Sometimes the best purchase is the one we don’t make.
Guess you don’t
need anything from me.
Don’t need me anymore, huh?
I’m sure you’ll come back when you want something.
A fine piece of work,
if I say so myself.
A fine piece of work,
if I say so myself.
A fine piece of work,
if... if I say so
myself.
I don’t suppose you could try keeping that clean…
Um, I don’t suppose you could try keeping that clean…
Um, hey. I don’t suppose you could try keeping that clean…
What, no? No, just a, it was a question. I’m fine, I’m fine…
THAT…
looks amazing.
THAT… looks amazing.
THAT… looks amazing.
I think that’s a keeper…
I think that’s a keeper…
I think that’s a keeper…
Wear it in good health.
Wear it in good health.
Wear it in good health.
Enjoy cutting trees!
You just cut trees with that, right?
Enjoy cutting trees! You just cut trees with that, right?
Enjoy cutting trees!
You just cut trees with that, right?
I threw in a polishing, on the house.
So much blood…
I threw in a polishing, on the house.
So much blood…
I, uh, threw in a polishing on the house. There's just...
so much blood…
Have fun meteing out your righteous fury!
Have fun meteing out your righteous fury!
Have fun meteing out your um, righteous fury!
Hey! You uh probably shouldn’t let my brother lay his hands on again, but if he does,
tell him to temper his steel longer—he’s warping the bit-work.
You probably shouldn’t let my brother lay his hands on it again, but if he does,
tell him to temper his steel longer—he’s warping the bit-work.
You probably shouldn’t let my brother lay hands on it again, but if he does,
tell him to temper his steel longer—he’s warping the bit-work.
You probably shouldn’t let my brother lay hands on it again, but if he does,
tell him to temper his steel longer—he’s warping the bit-work.
If you see my brother again,
tell him to keep his fiddlers off my axe.
If uh you see my brother again, would you just tell him to keep his fiddlers off my axe.
If you see my brother again, just please, tell him to keep his fiddlers off my axe. Ok?
My axe.
That’s what I said. Our axe.
… mine
… OURS
… mine.
That’s, that’s what I said. Our axe. Our.
Um, uh… that’s what I said.
Um, that’s what I said. Our axe. Duh.
Ours…
mine.
Ours…
mine.
Happy chopping!
Now watch where you throw this thing.
Give THAT a swing!
Bad day to be made of wood.
Working on those is a privilege.
Working on those is a privilege.
Working on those is a privilege.
No, thank you.
No, no, thank you.
No, thank you.
Wow. My compliments to whoever made you these…
My compliments to whoever made you these…
My compliments to whoever made you these…
Those blades are fit for a God.
Those blades are fit for a God.
Those blades are fit for a God.
(growls)
… or fit to kill a God.
Ah, or… or fit to kill a God.
… or fit to kill a God. All gods. All the gods.
Those are special.
So sharp… SO, so, sharp…
My favorite part is, the fire keeps them clean!
The secret to any craft is in the fine details…
The secret to any craft is in the fine details…
Pssst! The secret to any craft is in the fine details…
That should tide you over.
That should tide you over.
That should tide you over.
Well,
that’s something.
Well, that’s something.
Well, that’s something.
I’m sure that’ll come in handy.
I’m sure that’ll come in handy.
I’m sure that’ll come in handy. Heh… get it?
Ah… I’m, uh...
I'm feeling less cluttered already.
Ah…
I’m feeling less cluttered already.
Oh…
hoo…I’m feeling less cluttered already.
Ah!
Ah. Isn’t that neat.
That should tidy up your knapsack.
Where were you even carrying those?
Good, good… also, remember to breathe.
Done and done.
That’s a deal!
I’m sure that’s a load off your mind.
I’m glad my expensive tools and stuff can help.
Good thing I have rare and much sought-after abilities.
What am I, invisible? Wait… AM I invisible? OH no—
am I stuck between dimensions again? No, no, no… Hello!!
Hello! Can anyone SEE or HEAR me!?
We see you, Sindri!
Silence!
Oh! Sorry.
Overreaction…
Are…
are we transacting? Not transacting?
Shall I wait? Shall I go?
Are… are we transacting? Not transacting? What? Shall I wait? Shall I go?
Are… are we transacting?
Not transacting?
Shall... shall I wait?
Shall I go?
Hm. You’re there.
I’m over here. This is awkward.
Um. You’re there. I’m over here.
This is awkward.
Wait? Were you talking to me? No?
What? Were you talking to me? No?
What? Were you talking to me?
What? No? Fine.
No rush. I’ll just be tidying up…
No rush. I'll...
I’ll just be tidying up…
No, I’m not touching that.
Nope, I’m not touch… I’ll just stand here.
Whenever you’re ready, friends.
So are you just passing through?
Don’t just stand there, let’s sort you out.
I’ll just keep busy, I suppose.
You know, I might be expecting other customers.
That’s possible.
If you could just come a little closer…
I’m sure I can help… just not from over there.
Sooooooooo….
Um.
Hi! I’m just over here. If you didn’t see me.
Or… pretend I’m not even here… I guess…
It’s okay, I’m open.
Don’t know why, but I’m open.
Stand way over there. That’s fine.
I’m not hurt.
Did you really make that axe for my mother?
Oh, I’d recognize it anywhere. Ask me, was one of our best…
infused with the echoing screams of twenty Frost Trolls.
Give or take.
But why her?
How did you know her?
She sought us out, in the beginning.
She was…
a special woman.
She wanted to protect people.
I suppose we thought it was a chance to give power to someone who’d use it for good.
She even spoke our native tongue. She’d say,
“Maðurinn sem gengur
eigin vegum hans…”
… gengur einn.
That’s right!
That's impressive.
I see a lot of her in your eyes, you know.
Thanks, Sindri—
Don’t touch me!
What? I didn’t! I won’t.
I’ll come back later…
Um… I know it’s not my business, but if I were you I’d wash off that symbol painted on your neck.
We were told it would help protect us.
Was that a lie?
Oh no, it’s a protection stave alright. But…
you can’t render that pigment into paintable texture without blending it with boar urine.
And is that really better than death?
Maybe a little…?
Well… it’s your neck.
Myeeeaaah.
Sindri, have you always been so…
Clean?
Hunh, don’t I wish.
No, I was just as unsanitary as the next Dwarf until the day a Vanir witch set me straight.
She discovered with her magic that there are hundreds of thousands of tiny…
beasties on everything around us…
so small, you can’t even see them!
No…
It’s true.
And if they get inside you,
they make you sick.
But the witch told me there’s one wood… the oak…
that’s a natural deterrent, stops the beasties from spreading. So now…
I make all my handles from oak.
See,
I think of these things.
Ok! Back to work…
So how come Brok’s blue and you’re not?
Boy!
Boy!
Oh, it’s fine—very good question actually. You see, my brother’s not as careful as I am—in fact,
he prefers to work with metals using…
… his own bare hands.
No gloves! Says it’s the only way he can “hear what it wants to be.”
Touch enough raw silver and it changes your skin irreparably.
(That means forever!)
I wouldn’t bring it up to him though.
You know how sensitive he can be.
I guess that makes sense.
I guess that makes sense.
Where’d you learn how to do that, Sindri?
Where’d you learn how to do that, Sindri?
Well, after Brok and I
parted ways,
I undertook some study in Vanaheim. Truly mind-expanding.
Now and then, I need new inspiration to grow creatively.
Part of why we split up, my brother and I.
He’s stuck in his ways, so our work stagnated.
Sure, we mastered weapon-making, but then what?
Change is a part of life—if you can’t adapt, and learn to thrive,
you'll be left in the dust.
and that’s filthy!
Okay. Until next time…
Hey Sindri,
have you met Mimir?
If you mean the severed head that keeps blinking at me, please
keep it away.
There’s no possible way that’s hygienic.
Ach! That’s nice.
Lovely to see you too, Sindri!
Knob.
So what’re you doing up here—?
I’m on a hunt—for skap slag.
Slap what?
Skap. Slag.
Ores with specific impurities that are the key to unlocking all sorts of unique qualities.
One man’s waste-product is another man’s artistic medium!
Oo-kay.
Well,
we’re off to get a chunk from the tip of the Giant’s chisel.
The big chisel buried under all the ice?
Ha, good luck with that!
Oo-kay.
Well, we’re off to get a chunk from the tip of the Giant’s chisel.
Hey, did you hear?
Magni, the Aesir God, son of Thor? Dead!
I know!
Now Modi’s on a rampage across Midgard,
looking for the killer, swearing that once he finds him he’ll—
oh shit that was you guys.
We… should probably discuss that more quietly.
Or not at all.
I think that’s a great plan.
Well… good day.
Okay.
I hope that was helpful.
If you’ll pardon me. Much to tidy…
Oh, I could sell you things!
What can I interest you in?
You need more?
Look all you want.
Take your time.
OR I could sell you something…!
Here’s the rest, have a look…
If it’s here, it’s yours.
Sure, treat yourself!
I knew you’d want some of these…
I guess I’ll just
stand here ’til you’re done looking…
Sure you’re interested in what I’ve got?
Sure you wouldn’t be happier at my brother’s shop?
Oh, a fine fit!
Ooh. I’m legitimately jealous.
I hope you like this color scheme.
Functional and beautiful.
Oh, that’s quite good.
Has anyone told you you’re unreasonably tall?
Looking sharp, big fella.
Faye’s type. Who knew?
Keep your armor strong. That’s
good advice.
It’s almost like having a thick skin.
Here—you’ll thank me.
Mm! Better than ever.
Aah…
still got it, Sindri…
A work of art, if I say so myself.
Ah—isn’t that beautiful?
Can I just say, it’s a sad day for your enemies.
Now it’s got that Sindri something.
Use it well, friends.
Careful now…
you could really hurt someone with that.
Well.
Have fun doing damage!
I know you know what to do with that.
Happy to provide!
Until we meet again, my friends.
Travel safe, you two.
Come back any time!
Be seeing you…!
Now don’t be a stranger.
Don’t let the Draugr get you!
Don’t forget to wash your hands!
Thanks, Sindri!
Was there more to discuss?
Was there more? Let me think…
You don’t have to run off on my account…
If you’re not in a hurry…
Now there is something else to tell you…?
What else was there…?
Was there something else?
Be careful where you’re going.
There’s nobody nice out here anymore since all the people left. I mean,
I hate to generalize, but um,
mostly they just try to kill you.
Good tip.
Sindri, why don’t you just make up with your brother already?
Me? Make up with him?
Because he’s an obstinate pig-head, incapable of change.
Because he says the most terrible things about me, just because he’s insecure about his own work—
which, let me tell you, is sub-par.
Because he blames me for—
for the things that aren’t my fault!
Huh? Like what?
Would you pardon me please?
I need to collect myself.
Before you go—!
See that you take special care near the peak.
I’m pretty sure Odin is protecting something up there,
and you don’t wanna get on the Aesir’s bad side.
Who, us?
So… I heard you and Brok are kinda famous.
Well, you’re half right.
Whatever did you hear?
That you made Thor’s hammer.
Oh—yes…
we did do that.
Mjölnir put us on the map.
It was a legendary run. Gods and kings knew our brand.
We really did make quite a team.
So what happened?
Oh, well…
that’s a long story.
Things happened that…
made it difficult to…
find that certain spark, you know?
Inspiration is a fickle mistress.
Huh?
Oh, enough distractions—
you see the mess I have to clean up around here…
Sindri…
I know I should stay out of your family business…
I just don’t get why Thor abusing your creation would drive you and Brok apart.
It wasn’t your fault.
Well… I’m glad you forgive our part in that.
But when you’ve witnessed that much devastation and loss,
and you know it couldn’t have happened without you…
it’s simply not so easy to forgive yourself.
Or your partner.
We tried to make up for it, of course…
but that’s a whole other sad story, as,
as I’m sure you know.
I do?
Atreus. Enough.
All right…
I’d like to focus on my work, if you don’t mind…
I think maybe it’s better if I just work…
I could use some quiet while I work, actually….
I didn’t think we’d see you out here, since you and Brok got back together. Everything ok?
Oh, better than ever. You know,
I really think we’ve both grown in our years apart.
So how come you’re back here?
Just catching some fresh air. Look, I love my brother,
but he still smells like a fetid dungpile.
Those men. What do you know of them?
First, they’re not men. They’re gods. Well—demi-gods anyway. Let’s see…
Thor’s their dad. Different moms—sordid story, that one. Baldur’s their uncle, Odin, dear ol’ Grandpa.
Oh, and a sister named—
Weapons. How do they fight?
Oh. Of course.
Magni’s strong—really strong.
Carries a huge sword hardened by cyclonic thunder. And Modi? Ecch.
I’d sooner lick a rat than shake that dung heap’s hand.
His mace and shield’s just a cheap knockoff of my elegant work on their dad’s hammer.
Best to follow my lead and avoid. But who am I talking to?
How are you here before us, Dwarf?
We were told our path was the only one between realms.
Well, it may be the only way for you to travel. But we Dwarves are full of surprises.
That is not an answer.
Ah, hang onto that sense of wonder!
There’s so little mystery once you’ve amassed the wealth of arcane knowledge that I have.
Where to comb the realms for exotic resources,
how to craft them into creations that defy imagination…
to the novice I’m sure it all seems like magic.
Oh, alright,
it’s magic¸
are you happy now?
I knew you couldn’t resist me long…
I knew you couldn’t resist me long…
I knew you couldn’t resist me long…
I knew you couldn’t resist me long…
I knew you couldn’t resist me long…
Look who it is—my only customers!
Look who it is—my only customers!
Look who it is—my only customers!
Look who it is—my only customers!
There you are! C’mere, you!
There you are! C’mere, you!
There you are! C’mere, you!
Was wonderin’ where you two had run off…
Was wonderin’ where you two had run off…
Was wonderin’ where you two had run off…
Was wonderin’ where the hell you’d run off to…
Here they come, smellin’ of trouble.
Here they come, smellin’ of trouble.
Here they come, smellin’ of trouble.
Here they come, smellin’ of trouble.
Here they come, smellin’ of trouble.
Look who’s back.
Look who’s back.
Look who’s back.
Look who’s back.
Look who’s back.
Hey, kiddo!
Hey, kiddo!
Hey, kiddo!
Hey, kiddo!
Hey there!
Hey there!
Hey there!
Hey there!
Hey there!
Gents…
Gents…
Gents…
Gents…
Gents…
Fellas…
Fellas…
Fellas…
Hey-ho ’n all that shit.
Hey-ho n’ all that shit.
Back already, eh?
Back already, eh?
Back already, eh?
Boys…
Boys…
Boys…
There y’are…
There y’are…
There y’are…
Yer back!
Yer back!
You boys come to get yer gear in order?
You boys come to get yer gear in order?
You boys come to get yer gear in order?
Shop’s open, boys…
Shop’s open, boys…
Shop’s open, boys…
Look who’s comin’ to Brok’s shop!
Look who’s comin’ to Brok’s shop!
Look who’s comin’ to Brok’s shop!
Well, here come the axe man…
Well, here come the axe man…
Well, here come the axe man…
I should never given you that damned travel stone. Rushing everywhere without exploring…
I should have never given you that damned travel stone. Rushing everywhere without exploring…
I should have never given you that damned travel stone. Rushing everywhere without exploring…
Hey, look who’s back up and about.
Didn’t I tell you he’d be fine?
Back again!
Guess who!
Hey, buddy!
Still open?
You really are everywhere.
Hey! See?
We’re everywhere too!
Dwarf!
We return.
Enough. We are here now.
You two always short-cuttin’ around.
Nice lake out there—
slow down, take a sail, get yourself lost…
Hey, glad the travel-stone’s working out,
but it’s no substitute for a nice sail around the lake, you know.
You fellas sure love to make a racket, doncha?
Ah! I was wonderin’ who woke up every Draugr in the mountain.
Shoulda figgered!
That was even more racket than the last time!
Got some new wares for you.
Got some new wares for you.
Wait’ll you see what I got…
Wait’ll you see what I got…
Good timing—got somethin’ you might want.
Good timing—got somethin’ you might want.
Boys! Come see the new stuff!
Boys! Come see the new stuff!
Boys! Come see the new stuff!
Boys! Come see the new stuff!
Boys! Come see the new stuff!
C’mere! Just got hold of some new crap…
C’mere! Just got hold of some new crap…
C’mere! Just got hold of some new crap…
C’mere! Just got hold of some new crap…
Mm! Right on time…
Hey! Come look what I got..!
Hey! Come look what I got..!
Got something new to show you two!
Got something new to show you two!
Got something new to show you two!
Hey, you fellas might want one of these…!
Hey, you fellas might want one of these…!
Hey, you fellas might want one of these…!
Oh, hey!
You’re gonna want what I got…
Oh, hey! You’re gonna want what I got…
Oh, hey! You’re gonna want what I got…
You guys! Come see what I figgered out…
You guys! Come see what I figgered out…
You guys! Come see what I figgered out…
You guys!
Come see what I figgered out…
You guys!
Come see what I figgered out…
Hey, come see the new goods…!
Hey, come see the new goods…!
Hey, come see the new goods…!
Hope you like awesome new shit!
Hope you like awesome new shit!
Hope you like awesome new shit!
Let’s get you squared away then.
Let’s get you squared away then.
Alright, what’dja break?
Alright, what’dja break?
Sure, I’m open…
Now you’re talkin’…
Now you’re talkin’…
Now you’re talkin’…
Okay! What’s good?
Okay!
What’s good?
What’ll it be?
What’ll it be?
What’ll it be?
Let’s do it.
Let’s do it.
Let’s do it.
Let’s sort ya out.
Let’s sort ya out.
To work it is.
To work it is.
To work it is.
So, what’d you find out there?
So, what’d you find out there?
So, what’d you find out there?
Let’s get to it!
Let’s get to it!
Let’s get to it!
Sure, I’m open.
Sure, I’m open.
What’s it gonna be this time?
What’s it gonna be this time?
What’s it gonna be this time?
What’s it gonna be this time?
Come on in, then. So much for peace and quiet…
We require improvements.
We have work for you.
Ply your trade, Dwarf.
Ready for more stuff to do?
Look at all this junk we picked up!
Alright… a Dwarf’s gotta tinker!
Alright… a Dwarf’s gotta tinker!
Alright… a Dwarf’s gotta tinker!
I’m sure I can piece something together.
I’m sure I can piece something together.
I’m sure I can piece something together.
Need something hammered out? I got a hammer.
Need something hammered out? I got a hammer.
Okay, whattaya have in mind?
Okay, whattaya have in mind?
Be sure to take your sweet time now…
Be sure to take your sweet time now…
Be sure to take your sweet time now…
Be sure to take your sweet time now…
Be sure to take your sweet time now…
Oh, you make up yer mind?
Oh, you make up yer mind?
Oh, you make up yer mind?
I’m ready if you are…
I’m ready if you are…
I’m ready if you are…
I’m ready if you are…
I need something to trade, Dwarf.
I will show you what I need.
We could use some help building something…
You will make what I tell you.
Take yer pick!
Take yer pick!
Take yer pick!
What else?
What else?
What else?
Buyin’ or tradin’?
Buyin’ or tradin’?
Buyin’ or tradin’?
What’s it gonna be?
What’s it gonna be?
What’s it gonna be?
What’s it gonna be?
What’s it gonna be?
What’s it gonna be?
What—you want more?
Not done?
What—that ain’t enough?
Hm… lemme guess.
Here’s what I got…
Ah, a ready-made…?
I need more.
We are not finished.
What else, Dwarf?
There is more.
What can I getcha, you little fart?
What can I getcha, you little fart?
What can I getcha, you little fart?
Somethin’ on your mind, boy?
Somethin’ on your mind, boy?
Wa-CHOO need?
Wa-CHOO need?
Wa-CHOO need?
… and for Junior?
… and for Junior?
What’ll it be, shorty?
What’ll it be, shorty?
Yeah, boy?
Yeah, boy?
Yeah, boy?
Let’s do the kid.
Make you something?
Make you something?
Make you something?
Something for the boy?
Something for the boy?
Whatcha need, kid?
Whatcha need, kid?
Whatcha need, kid?
Son?
Son?
Kid?
Kid?
Say the word, kid.
Say the word, kid.
Say the word, kid.
Actually, there’s something I need…
Can I get something too?
My turn!
I’ve got one too!
Okay, me next…!
Anything else for you?
Anything else for you?
What more you need?
What more you need?
You again.
You again.
You again.
You again.
You again.
What next?
What next?
What next?
What’d you fergit?
What’d you fergit?
What’d you fergit?
Oh, you make up yer mind?
Oh, you make up yer mind?
Oh, you make up yer mind?
What’s it gonna be?
What’s it gonna be?
What’s it gonna be?
What else?
What else?
What else?
What else?
Got somethin’ else in mind?
Got somethin’ else in mind?
Got somethin’ else in mind?
You think whatcha want?
You think whatcha want?
You think whatcha want?
One more thing?
There is something else.
Wait… I have another.
There is more.
This as well.
Mm. I’m sure you’ll grow into it.
Mm. I’m sure you’ll grow into it.
Mm. I’m sure you’ll grow into it.
Now you’re ready for a rumble.
Now you’re ready for a rumble.
Now you’re ready for a rumble.
Anything tries to kill you, make sure they hit THAT.
Anything tries to kill you, make sure they hit THAT.
Anything tries to kill you, make sure they hit THAT.
Anything tries to kill you, make sure they hit THAT.
That oughta help keep your organs in.
That oughta help keep your organs in.
That oughta help you keep your organs in.
That oughta help you keep your organs in.
That oughta help keep your organs in.
Well, that’s one way not to get stabbed in the squishy bits.
Well, that’s one way not to get stabbed in the squishy bits.
Howzat?
Howzat?
Howzat?
Try that one on for size…
Try that one on for size…
Fit alright?
Fit alright?
Fit alright?
How’s that fit?
How’s that fit?
How’s that fit?
I love it!
Looks good.
Looks good.
Looks good.
Looks good.
Looks good.
Sturdy stuff.
Sturdy stuff.
Sturdy stuff.
I like it.
I like it.
Y’know, bein’ small like us—that’s natural armor. Less to hit.
Now you’re ready for a rumble.
This is great!
Excellent…
Ha—let ’em try and hit me now…!
I never used to be strong enough for armor like this…
See if that don’t shoot straighter than straight…
See if that don’t shoot straighter than straight…
See if that don’t shoot straighter than straight…
Don’t shoot your old man now. Or me.
Don’t shoot your old man now. Or me.
That oughta pack a punch now.
That oughta pack a punch now.
Dealin’ death from a distance!
Dealin’ death from a distance!
Now go shoot somethin’ in the face for your old pal Brok.
Now go shoot somethin’ in the face for your old pal Brok.
Happy shootin’.
Happy shootin’.
Happy shootin’.
Knock ’em dead.
With arrows.
Knock ’em dead.
With arrows.
Knock ’em dead.
With arrows.
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Don’t eat everything you shoot, am I right?
Don’t eat everything you shoot, am I right?
Don’t eat everything you shoot, am I right?
You keep an eye on that big guy, alright?
You keep an eye on that big guy, alright?
You keep an eye on that big guy, alright?
You keep an eye on that big guy, alright?
Shoot straight, kid.
Shoot straight, kid.
Guess that worked out.
You take care now.
Well, see ya next time you need somethin’.
See ya next—where’s I see ya.
Always a pleasure. Now fuck right along.
Right! Lotsa luck…
Thanks, Brok!
Now there’s somethin’ else…?
Now what else’d I wanna tell you..?
Now what was the other thing…?
Welp… what else were we talkin’ about?
You hittin’ the road or chewin’ the fat?
Was that all there is…?
So… (sniff)…
you stickin’ around for grains of wisdom?
Now about that other thing…
Where were we on that other thing…
Wear it proudly, ya sumbitch!
Wear it proudly, ya sumbitch!
Looks good!
Looks good!
Looks good!
Looks good!
Looks good!
Now go scuff that up.
Now go scuff that up.
I’m sure your winning smile’s armor enough… but why take chances?
I’m sure your winning smile’s armor enough… but why take chances?
I’m sure that’ll keep you out of trouble.
I’m sure that’ll keep you out of trouble.
That oughta keep ’em from hackin’ bits off ya.
That oughta keep ’em from hackin’ bits off ya.
That oughta keep ’em from hackin’ bits off ya.
That there’s quality material.
Rate you’re going, might last a day!
That there’s quality material.
Rate you’re going, might last a day!
That there’s quality material.
Rate you’re going, might last a day!
Keep safe, bruiser boy.
Keep safe, bruiser boy.
Keep safe, bruiser boy.
Don’t be too careful now…!
Don’t be too careful now…!
Wear it with pride.
Wear it with pride.
Wear it with pride.
It fits.
That will do.
Good.
Very good.
That axe shouldn’t give you no trouble now.
That axe shouldn’t give you no trouble now.
That axe shouldn’t give you no trouble now.
Don’t let ’er get too thirsty now…!
Don’t let ’er get too thirsty now…!
Ho boy, have you got some cleaving ahead of you.
Ho boy, have you got some cleaving ahead of you.
Think of me next time you’re choppin’ someone in half.
Think of me next time you’re choppin’ someone in half.
Careful! Now you can cut yourself just looking at that thing.
Careful! Now you can cut yourself just looking at that thing.
That oughta fix whatever you let my brother do to it…
That oughta fix whatever you let my brother do to it…
That oughta fix whatever you let my brother do to it…
That oughta fix whatever you let my brother do to it…
Have fun splittin’ heads.
Have fun splittin’ heads.
Have fun splittin’ heads.
Go chop some fuckers with that.
Go chop some fuckers with that.
Go chop some fuckers with that.
Go get ’em, mister.
Go get ’em, mister.
Go get ’em, mister.
Good choice.
See how that treats you.
And don’t be letting that spit-fister of a brother of mine lay hands on it again…
See how that treats you.
And don’t be letting that spit-fister of a brother of mine lay hands on it again…
I promise nothing.
Them blades is gonna sing now.
Them blades is gonna sing now.
Them blades is gonna sing now.
Best of luck with all the rampagin’.
Best of luck with all that rampagin’.
Best of luck with all the rampagin’.
Best of luck with all the rampagin’.
Wouldn’t wanna be on the receiving end of one of those.
Wouldn’t wanna be on the receiving end of those.
Wouldn’t wanna be on the receiving end of those.
Wouldn’t wanna be on the receiving end of those.
One of these days you’re gonna tell me who made those beauties.
One of these days you’re gonna tell me who made those beauties.
Bring those back soon. I got plans…
Bring those back soon. I got plans…
Hope I did ’em justice.
Hope I did ’em justice.
Hope I did ’em justice.
Now go send ’em all to Hel.
Now go send ’em all to Hel.
Now go send ’em all to Hel.
Hope you got whatcha wanted.
Hope you got whatcha wanted.
Hope you got whatcha wanted.
Hope you got whatcha wanted.
Hope you got whatcha wanted.
Pfffff—!
Pfffff—!
Pfffff—!
Pfffff—!
Pfffff—!
Good to see you sweatin’ the details.
Good to see you sweatin’ the details.
Good to see you sweatin’ the details.
Good to see you sweatin’ the details.
Hey, whatever helps, right?
Hey, whatever helps, right?
Least we got that taken care of.
Least we got that taken care of.
Least we got that taken care of.
Least we got that taken care of.
Okay, if that’ll hold you for now…
Okay, if that’ll hold you for now…
Okay, if that’ll hold you for now…
Good deal.
Good deal.
You got a fine deal there.
You got a fine deal there.
Good stuff.
Good stuff.
I’m sure that’s a load off your mind…
I’m sure that’s a load off your mind…
I’m sure that’s a load off your mind…
What’re you doing lurkin’ around over there? You shoppin’ or not?
What’re you doing lurkin’ around over there? You shoppin’ or not?
What’re you doing lurkin’ around over there? You shoppin’ or not?
What’s that?
Oh… thought you said something…
What’s that?
Oh… thought you said something…
What’s that?
Oh, I thought you said something…
Asshole…
Asshole…
Asshole…
You lost?
I’m over here!
You lost?
I’m over here!
Take your time. I’ll just… idle… I guess.
Take your time.
I’ll just…
idle… I guess.
Take your time.
I’ll just… idle… I guess.
(Whistles an unpleasant tune)
Don’t hurry on my account.
Don’t hurry on my account.
When you decide what the Hel you’re doin’, I’ll be over here.
When you decide what in Hel you’re doin’, I’ll be over here.
When you decide what in Hel you’re doin’, I’ll be over here.
What’s goin’ on? You hear something?
What’s goin’ on? You hear something?
What’s goin’ on? You hear something?
Don’t mind me…
Don’t mind me…
Don’t mind me…
Hey, we doin’ this?
Hey, we doin’ this?
Hey, we doin’ this?
What are you waitin’ for? Fimbulwinter?
What are you waitin’ for? Fimbulwinter?
C’mon, I got places to be. Like here.
C’mon, I got places to be. Like here.
C’mon, I got places to be. Like here.
Come and get it while the forge is hot!
Come get it while the forge is hot!
Come get it while the forge is hot!
Aaaaanytime now…
Aaaaanytime now…
Aaaaanytime now…
Brok…
Fuck else you need…?
How come your brother’s got half your brand?
’Cause I ain’t in a workin’ relationship with that foot-licker no more.
I wasn’t about to let him use it without me, and he likewise—
only thing to do was split the brand, fifty-fifty, down the middle.
Guess that was the last thing we saw eye to eye on.
What, you want a hug?
Hit the road!
Sorry!
Be extry careful out there, you two.
The roads are teeming with more than usual complement of dead assholes lately.
We’ve noticed.
Any idea where they’re coming from?
Maybe they ran outta rooms in Hel. Or could be Odin stirring up trouble again.
Or maybe they all got lost. Why don’t you ask one while he’s chewin’ your face off?
Uh… we’ll just be careful.
Thought so.
What realm you gents shakin’ off?
Lemme guess… Alfheim?
How’d you guess?
I’d know that smell anywhere.
Used to spend my fair share of time there but, uh,
I ain’t allowed anymore on account of the, uh,
incident.
What happened?
Welllll, ain’t too sure your daddy’s gonna like me talking about it
on account of all the swearin’ and stealin’ and fuckin’ involved.
What?!?
Don’t judge me—
you’re the one came in all reekin’ of Elf!
Stirs up a man’s memories.
Go on now—
I got things that ain’t gonna hammer themselves…
’Times he gets so wrapped up in his work, Sindri hasn’t the sense to sip or sup.
And if he does remember, good luck getting him to cook his own meat.
Guess I got all the stomach in the family,
along with the smarts.
You miss him.
What? That spit-fister?
Whatta you know…
I just mean—
Hey, do you mind?
Trying to concentrate here.
Already on a break from my break…
Hey! Where’s your beast of burden?
What do you mean? I ate her. Crapped bits of ’er out just a whiles ago.
What is wrong with you?
What? Her milk ran dry.
She was your friend!
Then she’ll be happy I’m so well fed.
Shit-bricks, boy, you got a real sentimental streak, know that?
Don’t get yourself confused out there.
I’m gettin’ back to it…
Can’t you and Sindri just patch things up?
Whatever happened couldn’t be all that bad.
You’re family.
Now don’t be lecturin’ me about family.
I ain’t the one what forgot what our name stood for.
What we made—the weapons we made—were legendary, across nine realms, for more years’n I can count.
You just don’t throw that away on account of one bad—
One bad what?
One bad nuthin’.
Ain’t you got somewhere to be?
Oh, almost forgot—Brok, this is our new friend Mimir!
Oh, almost forgot—Brok, this is our new friend Mimir!
We’ve met.
We’ve met.
Oh! Why didn’t you say so?
He knows why.
He knows why.
I know why? YOU know why!
I know why? YOU know why!
Quiet! No more of this.
Know what,
I’m sorry I brought it up.
So let me see if I have this right… you and Sindri made Mjölnir.
A-yup.
And then Thor used it to kill a lot of people.
Yer damn point?
Just seems like you’re mad at each other about it, instead of being mad at Thor.
Kid, I like you… but you don’t begin to ’preciate the complexities what develop between family.
You don’t hear me lecturing your old man how he oughta be raising you,
and believe me, there’s plenty to critique…
Sorry, Brok!
Just trying to help.
Hey—word is someone put down that loudmouth Magni.
Wouldn’t know anything about that, wouldja?
Would that be a good thing or a bad thing?
Bad thing for you when his daddy finds out.
But one less Aesir fartin’ around suits me just fine. In fact, next upgrade is on the house.
Really?
No.
Wow.
Don’t worry, kids are tough.
When I was his age I cut my own head clean off,
and I’m none the worse for wear.
Say “hi” to the pimple-flap for me when he’s better.
Hope that snot-goblin of yours is on the mend soon.
Hey boy, why ain’t you rattlin’ off at the mouth like usual?
What?
Oh… dunno.
Lot on my mind,
I guess.
Mm. Well.
Have fun shuttin’ up then.
Say, you didn’t happen to run yerself afoul of a scruffy fella, bout yea high, doesn’t feel pain,
sounds drunk but’s probably just slow?
(growls angrily)
Hey, how d’ya think I feel about it?
If I’d wanted Aesir business, I’d have set up shop outside a brothel.
Or a fighting pit.
Or a fighting brothel.
Uh… did he say Aesir?
Like, gods?
No.
Brok, what do you know about the Serpent in the lake?
I know he’s too damn big…!
Uh… alright.
You better not be fighting with your brother again.
Tsk… just ’cause he’s gotten a little less annoying over the years
doesn’t mean I ain’t got a customer base of my own to keep happy.
Oh yeah? Who’s that?
Well, you came back here, didn’t ya?
Fair point.
Maybe next time.
Maybe next time.
Maybe next time.
Maybe next time.
Maybe next time.
Hey, nobody’s twisting your arm…
Hey, nobody’s twisting your arm…
Eh. Check back soon.
Eh. Check back soon.
Suit yerself.
Suit yerself.
Suit yerself.
Sorry you wasted my time.
Sorry you wasted my time.
Alright, well, scoot then.
Alright, well, scoot then.
I see. Just wanted to stare into my eyes.
I see. Just wanted to stare into my eyes.
Time for another break anyways…!
Time for another break anyways…!
Time for another break anyways…!
Time for another break anyways…!
Time for another break anyways…!
Whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever.
What-the-fuck-ever.
What-the-fuck-ever.
What-the-fuck-ever.
What-the-fuck-ever.
Come back soon with more crap you found!
Come back soon with more crap you found!
Come back soon with more crap you found!
That’s it?
That’s it?
That’s it?
Eh—next time.
Eh—next time.
Eh—next time.
Movin’ on then.
Movin’ on then.
Movin’ on then.
Well, next time.
Well, next time.
Well, next time.
Another time, then.
Another time, then.
Another time, then.
Later, then.
Later, then.
Later, then.
Next time, I guess.
Next time, I guess.
Boy!
Gotta go!
Atreus, come.
Next time…
We must go!
Sorry, you heard him…
Enough!
We’ll catch up later…
Now.
See you.
Something else we can do for you?
Nah, just…
glad you guys worked it out.
Ah. Well…
I could say the same to you.
Ha!
I guess I was getting a bit full of myself.
Told him what he needed to hear, how’s it sounds to me.
Just the same…
I’m sorry for how I spoke to you, Sindri.
You forgive me?
Already have.
Like you said, it all worked out.
Now
let us get back to work before I get…
sentimental…
I’m telling you, it’s Fimbulwinter. I can feel it in my scrote—
this is the big one!
Stop saying that.
Oh, you’re making me very nervous.
It was bound to snow sooner or later.
That ain’t just snow, and you know it!
It’s the end times.
How dare you make me the voice of reason!
Guys?
Just discussing the weather.
Bit of a cold snap lately.
What he means is, Fimbulwinter’s upon us, boys!
The winter to end all winters!
I can feel it in my scrote!
Yeah, we…
we heard.
So, if you’re heading home…
try to keep moving, and, also, to not die.
Or if you’re not heading home…
same advice.
So how was your trip to Jötunheim?
Will you give them a little privacy?
The kid just found out he’s a Giant,
he doesn’t need you interrogating him!
Brok! You knew?
Oh, we knew Faye was the last Guardian of the Jötnar left in Midgard.
That’s why we made her the axe.
We hoped it could restore the balance of power—
After Thor went all BRE-zerk with our hammer!
—though in the end, it seems,
she chose another path.
She chose, well… you.
Both of you.
I suppose she figured that was the best chance for the Giants to live on.
And now I suppose
that’s up to you.
How about that. A young Jötunn with us the whole time…
and the son of Laufey the Just! I should have seen it before…
Good n’ deadly!
You take care o’ this, it’ll take care o’you.
That right there…
that’s quality.
You must like the heat, Brok…
Heat’s damned useful in my line o’ work.
Even makes space itself more pliable.
Take those magic doors you love so much
—’round here they all go right to one another, no proddin’ from ol’ Brok.
Go up yonder and wake some up, you’ll see—gettin’ around Muspel’s a cinch…
Long as you don’t end up cooked.
You had a way around the black breath all along?
Now don’t go thinkin’ I coulda gotten you past it, you big sack o’ meat.
I got ways around most everything, especially up here.
Time was, my folk had the run o’ this joint.
Improved the design of the Jötnar traps and built work-arounds ta boot.
Why ya think they’re so devious? Oh, that reminds me—watch out for traps.
Say, what’s with you two? All clammed up and scowlin’…
it’s like you finally noticed everything smells like shit.
Oh, don’t worry, I’m sure they’ll be back to yelling at each other momentarily.
SO!
Know any good stories to pass the time?
What kind of story?
I don’t know…
Mother always had stories.
Weren’t you told any when you were a boy?
So could you think of any stories to tell?
So what story were you going to tell?
So
what happened with the hare and the tortoise?
There was a man I knew of long ago.
His stories were brief,
and purposeful.
Sounds…
fun?
Do you remember any?
Hm… there was one that concerned a hare and a tortoise.
Like the Witch’s house?
Unlikely.
So what happens?
They wager on a race between them.
The hare is too confident of victory, and foolish,
while the tortoise is steady, and disciplined.
The tortoise wins.
You… haven’t told a lot of stories, have you.
So you were saying a scorpion wanted to cross a river…
Yes…
So did the frog give a ride to the scorpion?
So the scorpion really stung the frog?
Yes…
What you said about the scorpion…
that it couldn’t escape his nature to do harm…
There was once a scorpion who wished to travel to the other side of a river.
Why?
If you continue to interrupt, I will end the story.
Okay, okay.
The scorpion asked a frog for help.
He told the frog that if he gave him a ride across the river on his back, he would be rewarded.
The frog protested, fearing the scorpion would sting him.
The scorpion assured the frog that he would not sting him or they would both drown in the river.
The frog agreed,
but halfway across the river, the scorpion stung him.
The frog was mortally wounded and they both sunk to the bottom of the river and perished.
That’s sad. Why would the scorpion do that?
He was a scorpion.
It is his nature to do harm.
Oh….
That’s just what mom used to say about the gods.
Your mother always spoke the truth.
Enough stories.
So…
what do you mean, I see with the eyes of a child?
What else were you going to tell me about war?
It’s sad the Elves can’t work things out.
Alfheim’s such a beautiful place, but…
war makes it ugly.
You see with the eyes of a child.
In war, a soldier sees beauty only in the blood of his enemy.
The rest of him is lost—
sometimes never to return.
You…
know about war,
don’t you…
Wars are fought for two things… survival, or advantage.
Battles may be won by the better soldier.
Wars are won by those who are willing to sacrifice everything to ensure victory.
So…
what were you telling me about mom’s war?
So…
Brok and Sindri made mom the axe just to help her survive?
So…
what were you telling me about mom’s war?
Sindri said…
mother was a warrior.
Was she in a war too?
Of a sort.
Her family was decimated by hostile rivals, and she alone survived.
She walked the warrior’s path,
but her war was to live on.
To brave an unforgiving world alone.
And that’s why she asked Sindri and Brok to make her the Axe?
She had the strength to wield such a weapon, and the wisdom to use it for good.
She found purpose in protecting the weak.
So…
she’d help out the Elves?
No.
So…
what happened to the sailors who drank too much seawater?
So…
the sailors who heard voices at sea…
how did you fix them?
Father?
You ever know anyone else who heard voices?
I knew desperate men at sea who,
when our supplies ran dry, would quench their thirst by drinking seawater.
They swore the sirens—
evil creatures singing to them from nearby islands—
were in fact their wives and daughters, calling them home.
They endangered the crew, steering us toward the reefs.
Um…
How did you fix them?
We threw them overboard.
Oh.
Well, good thing I didn’t drink any seawater,
right…?
Yes it is.
Do we have time for another story?
Hm.
A short one.
How about one more story?
One more.
Want to try another story?
Can’t be any worse than the last one.
Very well…
Got another story?
No.
However…
Got any more “short and purposeful” stories for me?
Very well…
So…
what other stories have you got?
Hmm…
Enough.
Stories are for the boat—
we must focus.
Yes sir…
Hold…
we will finish that later.
Okay!
We will continue another time.
Good.
But set that aside.
We must proceed on foot.
Can we finish later?
Perhaps.
This is not important right now.
Can we finish later?
No.
No more time for that.
We must go.
Aw…!
But there is no time for this.
Come.
I guess I got the idea…
But enough of this.
Make ready…
So much for story-time…
But that is enough of that.
We weren’t done!
We did not come here to sit in a boat.
There was… a horse.
The horse sought vengeance upon his enemy,
a stag.
But he could not kill the stag alone.
The horse met a man, a hunter, and made a deal.
So
what happened when the horse made a deal with the hunter?
So what happened when the horse made a deal with the hunter?
He took the man’s bit and bridle, and allowed him to ride in a saddle on his back.
Together, they killed the stag,
and the horse tasted victory.
But the hunter would not release the horse,
and made a slave of him.
So getting revenge cost him his freedom.
Hope it was worth it.
It was not.
There was a tale of a frog.
His pond had dried up,
so the frog and his son left to find a new home.
They found a well.
The son saw the water and made to jump in,
but the father stopped him.
So what happened when the frog found the well?
So the frog and his son… just walked away from the well?
He saw the well was deep, and once inside they would not be able to escape if the water dried up again.
Wisely, they moved on.
That’s it?
Yes.
That’s really not a story.
If the son jumped in, it would be a story.
That’s really not a story.
Then he would be trapped, and starve while the father watched helplessly.
If the son jumped in, it would be a story.
See?
That’s a story.
There was a young man who was caught stealing and condemned to die.
His mother came to visit his prison.
She was a kind woman,
who could only give love.
But her son, the thief,
met her with rage, and bit off her ear.
What!
Why?
So why did the thief bite his mom’s ear?
Because the boy had always been a thief.
And his mother had taught him only love, and nothing of consequences.
Had he been taught discipline instead,
he might have lived longer.
Sure, but…
her ear…
that’s not right…
There was the story of the mother crab, who scolded her son.
She told him he should walk forward, in pride—
not sideways as he always did.
But she’s a crab too!
He should say, “Sure, I’ll walk forward as soon as you show me how!”
But she’s a crab too!
He should say, “Sure, I’ll walk forward as soon as you show me how!”
Yes.
He did say that.
That was the story.
I got it.
Know what that crab should have told his mother?
There is a tale about a woodsman.
He asked the trees of the forest for a branch to make a handle for his axe.
Instead,
the trees gave him a young sapling, so they could keep their limbs.
The woodsman made his axe.
And then he returned,
and chopped down the oldest trees in the forest.
Hm… just ’cause trees are old doesn’t mean they’re smart…
Completely understand.
I’ll finish later, lad.
Enough. No stories—not while on foot.
Our focus is the road.
Okay….
What’s a bookmark?
Okay…
I don’t think we have any pins.
Aw, and it was getting good.
Aww…
Aawww… and it was almost over.
Hey, Mimir.
Last we were in a boat,
you had just started a story…
Mimir,
can you start that story again—from before?
Mimir,
you were in the middle of a story before.
Mimir,
can you finish that story you started?
Oop—didn’t get far did we? It’ll keep.
Ah… We’ll just start that one again later, yeah?
Or I can just tell you this story later!
I can start again later.
Know what? I’ll tell this one later.
And we’ll pick this up later.
Right then.
I’d just started a story earlier…
Now then… that story I started earlier.
So… if you remember, I’d started a doozy of a story earlier.
And we’ll just stop there for now.
We’ll finish this later.
Aaannd time to walk. The story will keep.
We’ll just pick this up at a later time.
That’s enough for the time being.
Let’s pick this up later then.
Let’s bookmark that.
And time to put a pin in it.
He’s not kidding, is he?
Was I?
Oh, yes!
Right then. Where were we? Ah, yes!
Right then. We were in the middle of a story, weren’t we?
I can indeed. Where were we? Oh!
But we will have to conclude this… later!
And on that dramatic note,
we must delay the conclusion of our exciting tale.
But the conclusion of this thrilling tale will have to wait.
This dock can only mean one thing!
We are taking a break from this story.
But we will have to wait for the conclusion.
Mimir,
can you finish that story real quick?
Mimir, I know we were almost done with that story…
Oh yes…
Alright, what say we finish that story?
Before anything else happens—
how’s that story end?
I believe our story was in need of a conclusion.
Just time enough for the finale of our prior tale.
It’s time I told you of the Giant Thamur.
He was a very giant Giant—who, despite his mountainous size,
was without question the greatest stonemason this world had ever seen.
Proud Thamur hoped to one day pass his vast knowledge on to his son,
but young Hrimthur had the heart of a warrior
Perhaps the father had too much fear in him,
or the son too little…
either way, a quarrel of theirs spiraled out of control, and the overworked stonemason—bonk!—
struck his son.
Hrimthur ran off into the night.
Feeling shame and regret,
Thamur chased after his son,
but in his emotional state, soon found himself wandering Midgard, lost and alone.
Sadly, he caught the eye of the one person he didn’t want to meet alone at night, so far from home…
Thor.
You’ll see.
Regarding the Giant called Thamur…
It was about the very giant Giant, Thamur the great stonemason.
Thamur wished to train his son Hrimthur as a stonemason,
but the boy yearned for battle.
Thamur, the giant stonemason, struck his warlike son in the heat of a quarrel.
Thamur, the giant stonemason, struck his warlike son in the heat of a quarrel,
and the boy ran off into the night.
Thamur, the giant stonemason, distraught after striking his son,
became lost in Midgard looking for the boy.
And?!?
What happened next?
I beg your pardon!
Yeah, I got that.
So you want a corker, do ya?
Very well, my brothers—
I’ll tell you the story of Hrungnir the Brawler.
The real story.
A pretty story, but… no.
Hrungnir, you see, was born with neither head nor heart,
so the Giants had to complete him with stone.
He was strong, to be sure—
but also a perfect simpleton.
Odin met him wandering in Midgard one day—
found him so amusing, so harmless, so gullible,
that he invites him back to his palace in Asgard.
There he gives Hrungnir his fill of mead,
and goads him into all manner of boasts and antics, all for the amusement of the court.
I was there—
I saw the the Aesir laugh as Hrungnir leapt upon his shield and swore
he’d kill us all and take our womenfolk back to Jötunheim.
Then Thor shows up—
and does he laugh.
Oh, no.
Thor takes one look at the drunken stone buffoon,
and brings down Mjölnir on his head so hard that he’s got chunks of Hrungnir in his own skull to this day.
Thor is so startled by the faceful of rock,
he doesn’t notice Hrungnir’s body topple right onto him with a sickening crunch!
Then Thor shows up—
and does he laugh?
Oh, no.
Thor takes one look at the drunken stone buffoon, and brings down Mjölnir on his head so hard that
he’s got chunks of Hrungnir in his own skull to this day.
And again,
the roars of laughter echo through the palace halls!
Let that be a lesson, m’son—
truth is seldom so pretty as myth and legend.
I was to tell you the story of Hrungnir the Brawler—
the real story.
The real story of Hrungnir the Brawler, a Giant with head and heart of stone.
Hrungnir, the simple-minded stone Giant, was invited by Odin to his palace in Asgard.
Odin had invited Hrungnir to his palace in Asgard, getting the simple Giant drunk to amuse the court.
Thor arrives at the palace in Asgard to find Hrungnir, the simple stone Giant, carousing on Odin’s mead.
Hrungnir’s stone head is smashed to pieces by Thor’s hammer.
Thor smashes the stone head of Hrungnir, who falls upon him with a sickening crunch.
Head… you are full of stories.
When will you tell one that entertains?
He just insulted you.
There was a huge battle, right? His shrine had him in the middle, fighting off Aesir…
That’s an awful story, Mimir. Nothing like the ones mother told me.
She was called Skaði,
Queen of the Hunt.
From the ribs of pack-beasts she fashioned second feet
allowing her to glide upon the snow so no animal could evade her.
She became a huntress beyond compare, even to any god.
Odin himself wanted her for his bride, believing she would bear him strong sons.
But she spurned his affections…
and for that insult,
Odin vowed revenge.
It was put forth that the Aesir were plagued by an Eagle who would steal the precious golden apples of Iðunn.
Not even the finest archer among the gods could bring it down.
Odin knew that Skaði could not resist the temptation to prove herself superior.
And so she joined the hunt.
Skaði tracked the Eagle as it flew where she alone could glide,
and loosed an arrow from her unerring bow.
When she collected her quarry,
she found no Eagle at all,
but her own father, poor Thiazi, slain by his own daughter.
She was overcome with grief and shame,
for there is nothing nature so reviles as a child who kills their parent.
Skaði succumbed to her fate as Winter’s blanket fell—
holding her father as the mountain held her,
in an embrace to last eternity.
Aye.
There aren’t many happy endings for the Giants, I’m afraid.
It was about Skaði, Queen of the Hunt.
If you recall, Skaði, the Queen of the Hunt, was being courted by Odin himself.
It was about the Queen of the Hunt, who rejected Odin’s romantic advances,
causing him to vow revenge.
Seeking revenge on Skaði the Huntress, Odin spread rumors the Aesir were plagued by an Eagle.
Skaði, Queen of the Hunt, had been lured by Odin into hunting an Eagle.
We were near the end of Skaði’s tale,
as the Queen of the Hunt discovered that Odin had tricked her into slaying her own father.
Mimir,
what can you tell me about that Giant lady with the bow?
Her father was Thiazi, who could take the shape of any wild creature,
and taught Skaði how to hunt them all.
Well, that was sad.
In the beginning, there was Ginnungagap, the great void.
There were no realms yet, only primordial forces.
There was Fire, and there was Ice, and there in the Void they met, and produced…
More than water—the mystic life blood of something entirely new.
From this water, Ymir took form, and became a being of pure creation and chaos,
mother and father to all that came after.
Aye,
every god, man, and beast came first from Ymir’s flesh.
Though it was the Aesir who thought themselves so superior
that they should hold dominion over the rest of creation.
It was Odin who took arms against his creator,
and spilled Ymir’s life-blood with his spear.
A necessary evil, he would say, to bring Order to the realms.
From Ymir’s torn flesh,
Odin would fashion the realm of Midgard for his own.
Called himself “Allfather”—as if he was the creator, and not the creator’s destroyer.
Mm? Oh, sorry, m’boy.
You know, I think it best we just end it there actually.
If I recall, we had begun to discuss the origin of Ymir, the first Giant.
Regarding Ymir—
primordial fire and ice met in the great void, producing water.
Ymir the First Giant had emerged from the void,
and every form of life began to spring forth from Ymir.
Into the legend of Ymir, the First Giant, enter the Aesir gods.
Odin’s spear had spilled the life-blood of Ymir, the First Giant.
Odin had slain Ymir, and used the primeval Giant’s flesh to shape the realm of Midgard.
I have a question.
If Ymir was the First Giant,
where did he come from?
Water?
Even the Aesir?
A small…
covetous…
tyrant…
Mimir…?
Oh yeah…
I remember his shrine.
It looked happier than the other ones…
mostly.
Oh yeah…
I remember his shrine.
It looked happier than the other ones…
mostly.
Finally. A story worth hearing.
“Bergelmir the Beloved”…
huh…
I’ve never heard a story end that way.
Not a true one, anyway.
If I’m not mistaken, we’ve yet to discuss the tale of the Giant Bergelmir…
… it begins in an ocean of blood!
If you remember,
Ymir, the First Giant, was fatally stabbed by Odin.
It’s in his blood our story starts.
Ymir’s magical guts poured out in a torrent so violent it threatened to flood all of creation.
The Jötnar were unprepared, as the very last of them were washed away in the endless tide.
Not just Ymir, but all of Giant-kind faced extinction.
And so would Odin’s victory have been complete.
But…
Ymir’s kind did not all perish that day.
Staying afloat in the hollowed husk of a tree,
the Frost Giant Bergelmir endured, as did his lady wife.
For weeks they sailed, until finally they came upon a new land.
They called it Jötunheim,
and there they would start anew.
As father and mother they would multiply exceedingly, and as King and Queen
they worked to make Jötunheim a land where Giants would know no master but themselves.
Bergelmir never sought revenge for Odin’s slaughter.
His vengeance was to live, and prosper.
He died at peace,
a legion of his kin to mourn him.
He would ever be known as Bergelmir the Beloved.
Few do, laddy.
We were just starting the tale of the Giant Bergelmir…
The tale of Bergelmir begins in an ocean of blood!
We return to Odin’s mortal wounding of the Giant Ymir.
Odin slew Ymir,
and the torrent of blood threatened to flood all of creation.
The torrent of Ymir’s blood had washed away the Jötnar.
Ymir’s blood had washed away the Jötnar, but not every Giant was lost.
I was telling you of Bergelmir and his wife, lost upon an endless ocean of blood.
We had come to Bergelmir and his Queen, and the founding of a new realm.
We need only conclude the song of Bergelmir, founder of Jötunheim,
who chose love instead of revenge.
Ah, that would be Gróa, the Knowledge Keeper.
She was a gifted sorceress who gathered every tome of arcane wisdom she could find in the realms,
all in the hopes of augmenting her powers of prophecy
that she might find her lost husband, Aurvandil.
But it was not her husband she would glimpse in her visions—
for it was Gróa, seeing longer and farther than any before or since, who witnessed Ragnarök—
the end and the beginning.
When Odin caught word of her ultimate prophecy,
he maneuvered to obtain her knowledge and hoard it for himself.
Gróa knew Odin as a longtime patron of her services,
and so she welcomed him into her library as a friend.
What she did not know
is that Odin himself was behind her husband’s disappearance,
having used his enchantments to conceal his death at Thor’s hands from her sight.
Smiling, jealous Odin took her by the throat,
and with his very hands he stole her library
and her life for his own.
Ruthless? Barbaric? Heartless?
That’s Odin.
In fact, we would do well to sit here in silence for the next few moments
and reflect on Odin’s capacity for cruelty.
And so—
Concerning Gróa, the Knowledge Keeper…
Gróa the sorceress assembled a library of arcane knowledge,
hoping to increase her prophetic powers to find her lost husband.
Gróa, the Knowledge Keeper, sought out her husband in visions,
but instead discovered Ragnarök.
Odin schemed to capture the visions of Ragnarök recorded by Gróa, the Knowledge Keeper.
Mimir—
there was a shrine about a Giant lady, with lots of books, and visions…
I always knew Odin was bad.
But that’s just…
Reflect longer.
It was about the Giant with eight arms—Starkaðr the Mighty.
Starkaðr, the mighty and many-limbed Giant
whose praises I should have known better than to sing.
Odin was plotting the downfall of Starkaðr, the mighty eight-armed Giant.
Odin sought to undo Starkaðr, the mighty eight-armed Giant, but not by direct attack.
The Aesir gods slandered the noble Giant Starkaðr with vile rumors.
Through Odin’s vile rumors, a mob was raised against Starkaðr, the mighty eight-armed Giant.
Starkaðr, the mighty eight-armed Giant, had surrendered in hopes to clear his name.
Starkaðr, the mighty eight-armed Giant, had surrendered in hopes to clear his name…
and Thor responded by tearing him limb from limb.
Okay—what about the Giant with eight arms?
Starkaðr the Mighty, he was called.
If the Giants ever had anything so organized as an army, Starkaðr would have been their general—
an opinion, in retrospect,
I should have kept to myself.
But no,
as Odin’s advisor I kept him advised…
and having bent his will towards Starkaðr’s doom there was no dissuading him.
But even Thor wasn’t stupid enough to take on Starkaðr on his own.
No, instead, the Aesir set forth slanders upon Starkaðr’s name,
branding him throughout the realms as a monster to be feared.
They said he abducted an Elf-queen, who killed herself rather than be ravished by the Giant
(lies, of course—but you’re too young for her story).
In the end, even the Vanir gods and armies of Midgard were roused to the cause.
In the end, even the Vanir gods and the armies of Midgard were roused to the cause.
They surrounded Starkaðr, showered him with arrows until he was brought to his knees.
He surrendered,
hoping by trial he could clear his name.
They said he abducted an Elf-queen, who killed herself rather than be ravished by the Giant
(lies, of course—but you’re too young for her story).
Thor took advantage and ripped off one of Starkaðr’s arms—
which only made it easier to sever another, and another, until he was satisfied.
Relieved of six arms and too much blood,
Starkaðr perished upon the battlefield.
(sighs) I regret it to this day, you know.
I told myself there was nothing I could do.
But I wish I’d tried.
Wasn’t it… Surtr the Brave?
We were speaking of Surtr the Brave, the Fire Giant.
It was about Surtr the Fire Giant, and we were just coming to his flaming sword…
Surtr the Brave and his sword of flame, fated to burn down Asgard come Ragnarök.
Surtr the Brave, who accepts his fate to perish in Ragnarök.
Mimir,
is there a story for the Giant with the flaming sword?
Surtr the Brave?
Of course!
We’ve spoken so much of Frost Giants, it’s about time we instead met the most fiery Giant of all.
He came from Muspelheim, the fire realm, bringing heat to the young cosmos,
conjuring the Sun from his primordial flame.
Back when Ymir first emerged from Ginnungagap, it was Surtr who followed next.
He came from Muspelheim, the fire realm, bringing heat to the young cosmos,
conjuring the Sun from his primordial flame.
But let’s come back to that flaming sword, shall we?
Back when Ymir first emerged from Ginnungagap, it was Surtr who followed next.
He came from Muspelheim, the fire realm, bringing heat to the young cosmos,
conjuring the Sun from his primordial flame.
But let’s come back to that flaming sword, shall we?
But let’s come back to that flaming sword, shall we?
Back when Ymir first emerged from Ginnungagap, it was Surtr who followed next.
Surtr the Brave forged his sword of flame for one purpose alone—
to burn down Asgard when Ragnarök comes at last.
His destiny is to fall at the hands of Thor and Odin,
but in so doing, strike the blow that leaves their realm in ash and ruin.
And from that destruction,
the world can be born anew.
Until then,
alone he waits in Muspelheim, never sleeping, ever honing his fiery blade.
Brave, generous Surtr,
who knows he lives but to his doom.
To truly embrace your purpose, and the patience and sacrifice it demands,
is to ensure your day will come.
All because he chooses to serve a grand cycle, so much bigger than himself.
To truly embrace your purpose, and the patience and sacrifice it demands,
is to ensure your day will come.
Until then,
alone he waits in Muspelheim, never sleeping, ever honing his fiery blade.
And from that destruction, the world can be born anew.
His destiny is to fall at the hands of Thor and Odin,
but in so doing, strike the blow that leaves their realm in ash and ruin.
All because he chooses to serve a grand cycle, so much bigger than himself.
Brave, generous Surtr, who knows he lives but to his doom.
Do you think we’ll be there?
When that day comes?
I’ve seen enough of war between the gods.
But you, little brother… who can say?
I was going to tell you of Sköll & Hati, the bringers of day and night.
Sköll & Hati, the Wolf-Giants, were captured as pups by Odin.
The Sun and Moon stood still in defiance,
so Odin put the Wolf-Giants, Sköll & Hati, to work.
When the Sun and Moon refused to rise and set,
Odin cast the Wolf-Giants Sköll & Hati into the heavens to give chase.
Sköll & Hati, the Wolf-Giants, bring us day and night by chasing the sun and moon—
and they shall, until the day they catch them.
We were discussing Sköll & Hati, and you had a question about Ragnarök..?
Yes…
You had posed an excellent question—
why would Odin set Sköll & Hati to chase the sun if it helped fulfill the prophecy of Ragnarök..?
Odin put Sköll & Hati in the sky for purposes of control.
You’re familiar with the tale of Sköll & Hati, bringers of day and night?
Oh, yeah!
The Wolf-Giants!
Aye.
They were born of the arch-wolf Hróðvitnir, a great nemesis of the Aesir gods.
Odin captured them as pups and kept them in the kennels of Asgard, to hold his foe at bay.
They were born of the arch-wolf Hróðvitnir, a great nemesis of the Aesir gods.
Odin captured them as pups and kept them in the kennels of Asgard, to hold his foe at bay.
But when the sun and moon grew mutinous and stood still, Odin put Sköll and Hati to use.
With his ancient magics he cast the wolves to the heavens, and they began their chase.
And long shall they chase,
but not endlessly—
for it is foretold that someday Sköll and Hati will catch and devour their prey.
And that day shall be Ragnarök,
the twilight of the gods.
But…
But…
Ragnarök is supposed to be Odin’s doom, isn’t it?
Why would he set the wolves loose if it fulfills the prophecy?
Ragnarök is supposed to be Odin’s doom, isn’t it?
Why would he set the wolves loose if it fulfills the prophecy?
Why would he set the wolves loose if it fulfills the prophecy?
Precisely the question, lad.
Ragnarök is supposed to be Odin’s doom, isn’t it?
It’s always about control.
The wolves determine when Ragnarök begins, and now he controls the wolves.
A battle fought on his timetable is a battle he better stands to win.
There was a Frost Giant King who was called Thrym…
Thrym, the cunning Frost Giant King, had stolen Mjölnir while Thor slept.
Thrym the Cunning stole Thor’s hammer,
and ill-advisedly offered to trade it for Freya’s hand in marriage.
Thrym the Cunning sought to ransom Thor’s stolen hammer for Freya’s hand,
presenting Odin with a rare opportunity.
Odin sent Freya to marry Thrym the Cunning, while Thor, under magical concealment,
infiltrated Jötunheim in search of his stolen hammer.
The wedding of Freya and Thrym the Cunning was interrupted when Thor recovered his hammer
and commenced a slaughter of legendary proportions.
Thor’s massacre at the wedding of Thrym the Cunning was finally put to a halt by our friend Freya.
Let’s see, Thrym the Cunning, where were we?
You were coming to the point.
Ah yes…
Mimir…
why don’t you tell us the story of the Giant that stole Thor’s hammer?
Happily, m’boy.
It involves your friend Freya too,
though I don’t expect it’s one she’d enjoy being reminded of.
The Giant was called Thrym…
… and he proved cunning enough to make off with Mjölnir while the thunder-lummox slept.
Sadly for Thrym, he didn’t always think with his brain.
Though he had robbed the greatest Giant-killer of his greatest weapon,
he offered to trade it back to the Aesir in exchange for Freya as his bride.
Sadly for Thrym, he didn’t always think with his brain.
Though he had robbed the greatest Giant-killer of his greatest weapon,
he offered to trade it back to the Aesir in exchange for Freya as his bride.
Now at this point, Freya was married to Odin, and Odin, frankly,
would have traded her for a sufficiently strong mead—BUT,
he saw an opportunity here.
Thrym’s palace was in Jötunheim, and only Giants know the way.
By agreeing to the marriage, they’d have to escort Freya back to their realm.
So, Odin coerced Freya into using her seiðr magics to conceal Thor,
so he could sneak along with her and infiltrate Jötunheim.
By agreeing to the marriage, they’d have to escort Freya back to their realm.
So,
Odin coerced Freya into using her seiðr magics to conceal Thor,
so he could sneak along with her and infiltrate Jötunheim.
He took back Mjölnir and wasted no time in smashing Thrym’s skull,
followed by every other Giant present for the festivities.
When the hammer was produced as the wedding dowry,
Thor revealed himself.
He took back Mjölnir and wasted no time in smashing Thrym’s skull,
followed by every other Giant present for the festivities.
Thrym’s palace was in Jötunheim,
and only Giants know the way.
The only thing that put a stop to it was Freya, who wanted no part of this massacre.
When the hammer was produced as the wedding dowry,
Thor revealed himself.
She cast a powerful spell that hurtled them both out of Jötunheim with no means of return.
Odin was livid, hoping that Thor’s foothold in Jötunheim would become his own.
And oh, would he ever revenge himself upon Freya—
And oh,
would he ever revenge himself upon Freya—
Odin was livid, hoping that Thor’s foothold in Jötunheim would become his own.
She cast a powerful spell that hurtled them both out of Jötunheim with no means of return.
What is the point of this story, Head?
Well, for Thrym, the lesson would be to keep his priorities straight.
For Freya, it’s that doing good has a price.
For Thor, it’s that no object of power makes you what you are…
and if what you are is the biggest butchering bastard in the nine realms, nobody can take that away from you.
Boy.
Do you remember which is port and which is starboard?
Oh!
I think so…
port is left…
and starboard is right…
… right?
Not your right.
Where the boat faces, port is left, and starboard is—
… starboard is right.
Right!
I knew that.
I did…!
Port…?
Port…?
Sorry?
Port…?
Port…?
Oh!
The boat’s left.
Correct.
Starboard…?
The boat’s right.
Good.
I wish we could have gone on a trip like this with Mother.
She could fight,
couldn’t she?
When she was strong?
I wish we could have gone on a trip like this with Mother.
She could fight,
couldn’t she?
Yes.
She fought….
beautifully.
What did you want to tell me about the Long War?
What were you saying about the Long War?
So, how did this “advisor of Odin’s” try to end the Long War?
Why would Freya agree to marry Odin?
Mimir,
you never did tell me why Freya spit in your face.
Well, she blames me in large measure for her present circumstances… and not totally without reason.
It all goes back to the Long War between the Aesir and Vanir.
Prior to that, wars for the Aesir were easily won—
but the Vanir had proved their equal, and exacted devastating damage.
Both sides suffered tremendous losses…
and for many of us, quite frankly, war was simply no fun anymore,
but a rather senseless waste of precious life.
Wouldn’t you agree, brother?
Hmm.
Precisely.
Enough was enough—
and at last, Odin’s most brilliant advisor became determined to find a more enlightened path.
He set about to broker a peace between the Gods.
It took some convincing, but ultimately Odin was persuaded to marry his deadliest enemy—
a certain Vanir goddess, legendary not only for her fertile beauty
but her genius at the very Vanir magic that Odin had long aspired to master.
Freya married Odin?
It was a sacrifice to protect her people—a selfless act of love.
What was in it for her?
Truly, she deserves better than she got.
But of course there’s more to that story.
You were saying something about…
love and hate, being…
Intertwined… yes…
So you were saying Thor is half-god and half-Giant?
That’s so weird.
Aye,
but Odin and Fjörgyn’s love was true…
So were you saying Odin was lonely?
That’s why he was always at war?
Nothing quite so simple…
but I hoped that love might temper him, and give us a chance for peace.
So what was it like when Odin and Freya got married?
So Odin and Freya’s marriage wasn’t that bad?
Aye, for a while, it truly wasn’t.
So Odin and Freya could have been happy, but he only wanted her magic?
Aye…
I can’t believe Odin and Freya were ever married.
Love and hate are more closely intertwined than you might imagine.
For instance, Odin hates the Giants, and they him,
but Thor’s own mother was the Giantess Fjörgyn—
one of Odin’s great loves.
So Thor is half-god and half-Giant?
Weird…!
Once Fjörgyn was gone, lonely ages passed for Odin…
and as war with the Vanir raged, I could see what he really wanted beneath his bluster.
And after no small amount of convincing, Freya agreed.
For a while there, he really turned on the charm. He seemed happy.
He seemed interested in making her happy.
He granted her so many wishes I can scarcely recall them all.
The peace held, and I truly believed all had worked out better than I could have planned.
But Odin’s true face showed itself again in the end.
Oh he won Freya’s trust, and she taught him some of her Vanir magic—
another choice she would live to bitterly regret.
Sadly,
despite his wise counselor’s best efforts to persuade him
that peace was the only true path to stave off Ragnarök,
Odin never let go of his obsession with Jötunheim.
The taste of Vanir magic led him to new forms of experimentation,
and new levels of depravity.
Mimir, you were telling us how Freya ended up living in the woods.
Aye… she’d married Odin…
Mimir,
get to how Freya ended up living in the woods.
She’d finally reached her limit with Odin, and broke things off…
Okay, so… Freya left, and Odin was mad.
Furious—and he cursed her most terribly.
So Odin robbed Freya of her warrior spirit?
Aye…
Okay,
obviously the marriage to Odin didn’t last.
But how did Freya end up a hermit in the woods?
Oh, that was a singular piece of cruelty, even for Odin.
As if the marriage wasn’t punishment enough!
Freya was better to him than he deserved.
She stuck it out through all manner of indignity,
all in the name of maintaining peace, and safety for her people.
But Odin’s madness, his tyranny, his corruption of her magics—
it became more than she could stomach, and at long last she broke it off.
Odin’s wrath was fierce, and his curses upon her were more than she’d dared to fear.
But her magic was so much stronger than his…
After so much time together, he knew her vulnerabilities,
and exploited them to craft curses she could never break.
Oh…
like not being able to leave Midgard.
Worse still, he robbed her of her warrior spirit.
Freya cannot fight—even to defend herself.
No living thing may she harm, by blade nor spell.
In a world this belligerent, what choice does she have but isolation?
In a world this belligerent, what choice does she have but isolation?
Worse still, he robbed her of her warrior spirit.
No living thing may she harm, by blade nor spell.
Freya cannot fight—even to defend herself.
Poor Freya…
I guess if I was her,
I’d spit in your face too.
Aye, lad.
So would I.
So…
why was Týr helping Odin meet with the Giant Kings?
So what happened when Týr brought Odin to Jötunheim?
So what happened after Odin was cast out of Jötunheim?
Mimir…
why did you say Týr felt responsible for what Odin did to the Giants?
There was an incident, shortly after the forging of Mjölnir,
when Týr arranged a diplomatic meeting between Odin and the Giant Kings.
This was when the Long War was young, when victory was still a thing dreamed of,
and the Jötnar might have tipped the balance between Aesir and Vanir.
Odin had persuaded Týr that the hammer was merely a deterrent—
a means to broker peace from a position of strength.
Týr was hopeful to convince all parties they would prosper best through peace.
He knew the Giants were deeply concerned about the hammer,
a super-weapon in hands they did not trust.
But they trusted Týr.
Týr always believed the best in people—and taking Odin at his word in his desire for peace,
he brought the Raven King to Jötunheim.
From there, things unraveled quickly.
The Giants anticipated Odin’s trickery, and exposed his true agenda,
to spy and steal their secret wisdom.
With magics, they expelled Odin from their realm, and cursed him never to return.
Frustrated,
Odin visited his fury upon the Giants of Midgard.
Thor unleashed Mjölnir’s might upon any Giant he could find.
None could stand against the tide of slaughter that followed.
And at last it seems, with Týr’s aid, they retreated.
The tower disappeared, no Giants could be found in Midgard,
and no man nor god has set foot in Jötunheim since.
So what happened after Hrungnir fell down on Thor?
So what happened after Magni and Modi got Hrungnir off Thor?
Mimir… you never told us what Magni and Modi had to do with Hrungnir.
Oh, yes.
Well, what happened after Hrungnir fell slain upon Thor,
was that nobody in the court could get the stone body off of him.
Thor was no use at this point—his brain rattled, his breath shallow…
but none of Odin’s men were nearly strong enough to help.
Then enter little Magni and Modi, no taller than shrubs,
and while nobody but myself was looking,
they flipped over Hrungnir’s corpse and freed their father.
Magni, being blonder, got all the credit,
and Modi remained bitter about it, from that day to the end…
which, I don’t need to tell you about.
Where were we then? Oh yes—my career!
Where were we then?
Oh yes—my first job!
Let’s see… my first job! Right! Me n’ m’mates, in the employ of a faerie king.
Let’s see… my first job! Right!
Me n’ m’mates had the run of the forest, as long as we kept the faerie king amused.
Mimir,
why did you work for Odin if he’s so horrible?
It’s my career!
And if you mean to make your career as a counselor to kings, you can’t very well rule out petty maniacs—
available positions are scarce enough!
My first master was a cruel piece of work as well,
but I learned through him the enduring power of wit,
which served me well with kings and gods alike.
I couldn’t have been much older than you when I started—a faerie king’s errand boy, and unofficial jester.
By night, my mates and I had the run of the forest.
Goodfellows, they called us—knavish sprites to the last.
We’d get up to all manner of mischief, making fools of the local mortals—
but as long as our lord was kept amused, we were spared the consequences.
Then one day, he was not amused,
and I saw fit to move on.
Thankfully the ages and roads travelled since then have turned me from that merry wanderer
into the paragon of virtue you see before you today.
Where was I?
Coming north, making a new start…
Now I believe I was just acquainting Odin with my mystic well of knowledge…
Aye…
So Odin gouged out his own eye?
’Cause of mushrooms you gave him?
Mimir,
how’d you come to be in these lands?
Lad, there comes a time in every man’s life when he changes his name and heads north to make a new start.
If you live long enough to do this many times over, you might end up as far north as this place.
By the time I arrived, I already knew Odin by his reputation—
and so I set to demonstrate my worth by coming to him with something I knew he’d value—
a mystic well of knowledge.
Or rather, I should say, a well of water laced with enough mystic mushrooms to make a god see visions.
Oh, he was rightly impressed.
Can’t say for sure what he saw that led him to try gouging out his own eyes,
but I managed to restrain him before he finished the job.
Then I persuaded him it had been his sacrifice, made for an even higher form of sight to be bestowed,
blah-de-blah-de-blah-de-blah.
I used to think he never caught on.
But the day he took my eye, I realized he had never been fooled.
He knew I’d outwitted him,
called the lesson wisdom, and hired me, to make sure from then on I was on his side.
And for a long, long time, I truly was.
Doesn’t mean he didn’t hold a grudge.
I believe we were discussing my youthful ambitions…
I believe I was sayin’… The Aesir had power, but lacked for strategy…
Where was I then?
You’d become Odin’s most trusted advisor.
Aye…
So what did you do to get Odin so mad at you?
Mimir—you were getting to how Odin turned on you.
Well, I felt my duty to Odin had evolved…
Well, I felt my duty to Odin had evolved…
To finish what I was saying—
I tried to serve Odin by serving peace, and he took it as disloyalty.
Mimir,
I still don’t get why you ever wanted to work for Odin.
Back then, I was young enough to still be ambitious.
The Aesir gods were as powerful a force as I’d come across,
but they clearly lacked for strategy, focus, and sage counsel.
All this could I faithfully provide.
And so, a stranger from a far-off island found himself with Odin’s ear,
trusted as he trusted no one but himself.
And with that kind of power, laddie, I must confess—
there are perks.
Yeah, but he’s Odin!
I never claimed to be perfect, laddie, only clever.
And often too clever by half.
So what did you to do get Odin so mad at you?
Well,
for a long time, my job was to enable Odin, and I was fucking excellent at it.
Gradually, as I grew more to care about… people, and the world,
my job became to contain him.
To protect him from himself.
By serving peace, I served his interests as well, that’s the truth…
but he saw it as disloyalty.
No longer trusting my motives, but not wishing to part with my brain or tongue,
he bound me to a tree and adopted a new pastime of casual torture.
Well, I’m glad we came along to cut off your head.
Aye, lad.
Lucky break that was.
What were we into, then? Oh! The revenge plot of Hrimthur, the stone mason’s son.
We were at…
the stone mason’s son, plotting revenge, observed the shoddiness of Asgard’s walls.
So then! Hrimthur, the stone mason’s son in disguise, offered to fix Asgard’s walls.
Alright, the stone mason’s son, Hrimthur—he builds Asgard a great wall, and demands his prize.
So… Hrimthur just wanted to whisper in Freya’s ear?
Aye…
We’d come to the part where Thor caught up with Hrimthur, and slew the stone mason’s son.
So what did the stone mason’s son whisper to Freya?
Mimir, you never told me what happened with the stonemason’s son.
You said he’d have his revenge.
I said he’d plot his revenge, and so he did.
You said he’d have his revenge.
Hrimthur, son of Thamur?
I said he’d plot his revenge, and so he did.
Mimir,
you never told me what happened with the stonemason’s son.
Hrimthur, son of Thamur?
After completing his father’s masterwork, the Great Wall of Jötunheim,
he thought of nothing but making the Aesir pay for their crimes against the Giants.
Once he longed to fight Thor, but tragedy had brought wisdom to Hrimthur—
and cunning.
He observed that Asgard’s walls were half-built and shoddy,
for no Aesir god could be bothered with such tiresome labor.
So Hrimthur adopted the guise of an ordinary man, and made the Aesir an offer—
he would build them majestic new walls,
and if he couldn’t build them within two turns of the season,
they would owe him nothing for his labors.
And if he succeeded,
he asked only for an audience with the goddess Freya.
Odin agreed, knowing the task was impossible, but intrigued by this stranger.
Hrimthur made short work of it, of course—he had the benefit of his father’s training,
and the aid of a magical stallion for fetching stones.
Odin was not happy to find himself on the losing end of the wager,
but he seemed to uphold his end of the bargain.
Freya was sent to meet the mason,
and to her surprise, he wanted only to whisper something in her ear.
That being done, he made his way out of Asgard…
and when he found Thor awaiting him at the gates of Midgard, he knew he had been double-crossed.
But he didn’t care, because his plan was complete.
It was?
What did he say to Freya?
Only she could say for certain, but I’ve had many moons to work it out.
Hrimthur knew that Freya loathed the Aesir, despite her marriage to Odin,
and I believe he gave her the secret to Asgard’s defenses.
Some weakness he may have built in, structural or magical,
which I expect will be exploited come Ragnarök when Surtr arrives to burn Asgard to ash.
If not sooner.
Got any more Giant stories, Mimir?
Well, if you see any more shrines about, you can always ask.
Don’t you have any more stories to tell, Mimir?
I’m talked out, lad.
But some day I imagine I’ll be telling your story.
What was that—?
Your bow..!
Who are you?!
We’re finally home… feels like a lifetime ago.
Bit drafty maybe, but it’s a right improvement over having tree bark in your tadger.
Can’t believe it was next to mother’s garden this whole time! No wonder we could never get in there.
Time to rest.
I’m gonna sleep through winter!
Okay… this’ll do.
Aren’t you tired?
Oh!
Have we got more to do out there?
Sleep.
Way ahead of you.
Atreus, are you ready?
Yeah, but…
I had the weirdest dream.
Fimbulwinter was ending.
And Thor came for us,
here at the house.
It was only a dream.
But it felt different.
It felt real…
it felt like
the future.
Then we will worry about it tomorrow.
Today,
there are still things we can do.
Come.
This place.
It feels like….
like a prison.
That would explain the hefty magical lock on the outside.
That would explain the hefty magical lock on the outside.
But it’s more than that. I have this feeling… like something is waiting for us down here.
You’ve a knack for ominous statements, lad.
What kind of something?
I’m not sure. Something powerful.
Whatever you feel, boy…
we will handle it.
We have come this far, yes?
Yes, Father.
A Valkyrie…
imprisoned?
She actually did it.
A Valkyrie?
But I thought they were just spirits.
Take caution, lads.
A Valkyrie in the flesh…
I can’t think of a more formidable opponent.
She does not attack.
Does she even know we’re here?
Whoah! I think she knows we’re here now!
It’s another Valkyrie.
A Valkyrie… imprisoned?
She actually did it.
Mimir?
Take caution, lads.
A Valkyrie in the flesh… I can’t think of a more formidable opponent.
Here we go!
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but
my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but
my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
You have freed me from my corrupted form.
You have my eternal gratitude,
but my sisters remain trapped as I was.
Take my helm.
Find them.
Free them.
The fate of the Valkyries rest on your shoulders.
Father,
the helm.
Father, the helm.
Father,
the helm.
Father,
the helm.
What do you know of them?
Father,
the helm.
That’s putting it mildly, lad.
Father,
the helm.
Father, the helm.
The fate of the Valkyries…
Sounds pretty important.
A fair question. And yet, not one easily answered.
I know more than most, but much of their history is veiled in secrecy.
My own experience with the Valkyries ends with my imprisonment.
You are avoiding the question, Head.
As I said, brother…
it’s complicated.
I don’t know why or how they’ve become such wretched creatures…
but perhaps if we can free more of them…
You want us to fight more of those things?!
“The fate of the Valkyries,” lad.
A more worthy endeavor, there is not.
It will be dangerous.
Well, that hasn’t stopped you before, aye?
Mmmmm…
That’s the spirit!
Another Valkyrie…
What should we do with her?
Whatever you do, just be careful.
What?!
What’s happening?
Ready yourself!
A Valkyrie!
We have to save her.
Think before you act.
Are we prepared to face such a powerful foe?
I’m ready if you are.
Aye, same here…
if that counts for anything.
It does not.
Here she comes!
Thank you for releasing my physical form.
I have only gratitude.
Thank you for releasing my physical form.
I have only gratitude.
Thank you for releasing my physical form.
I have only gratitude.
Thank you for releasing my physical form.
I have only gratitude.
Thank you for releasing my physical form.
I have only gratitude.
Thank you for releasing my physical form.
I have only gratitude.
Why were you trapped?
I am…
uncertain.
My mind…
Still fragmented.
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
It is the last thing I remember.
I am…
uncertain. My mind…
Still fragmented.
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
It is the last thing I remember.
I am…
uncertain.
My mind… Still fragmented.
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
It is the last thing I remember.
I am…
uncertain.
My mind… Still fragmented.
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
It is the last thing I remember.
I am…
uncertain.
My mind…
Still fragmented.
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
It is the last thing I remember.
I am…
uncertain.
My mind…
Still fragmented.
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
It is the last thing I remember.
The what?
Valhalla awaits. I must return.
Valhalla awaits. I must return.
Valhalla awaits.
I must return.
Valhalla awaits.
I must return.
Valhalla awaits. I must return.
Valhalla awaits.
I must return.
Hey!
Kinda rude.
Well, that’s a Valkyrie for ya, lad. Unconcerned with niceties.
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs…
What is that, Mimir?
It’s a Council Chamber, of sorts, hidden away in Midgard.
The Valkyries would often need a place to confer outside of Odin’s prying eyes.
They thought themselves properly concealed, but
“The Allfather Sees All,” so the saying goes.
Where is it?
We weren’t far from it, on our way to Thamur’s Chisel.
The entrance is to the left of the two Oarsmen statues.
You failed to mention this at the time…
Didn’t think we’d be hunting down Valkyries at the time, brother!
Remember the room with the eight thrones?
I think so.
We’ve been to a lot of different places.
It’s to the left of the two Oarsmen statues.
I didn’t call it out for what it was at the time…
I didn’t know for sure.
Think we’ll find out why the Valkyries are like this?
That chamber held a special significance for them.
We’ll find something there. I’m certain of it.
Another Valkyrie…
We should probably do something about them.
“It is none of our concern, Head.”
Watch yourself, boy.
What?
You weren’t gonna say that?
Maybe.
Oh, okay,
guess we’re doing this!
It’s another Valkyrie.
We’re gonna save her, right?
If by save her you mean brutally rip her wings off, then my vote is Aye.
Enough,
both of you.
I will decide the best course of action.
Prepare yourself!
AAHHHH FREEDOM!!!
CURSED NO LONGER! A JOYOUS DAY, INDEED.
AAHHHH FREEDOM!!!
CURSED NO LONGER! A JOYOUS DAY, INDEED.
AAHHHH FREEDOM!!!
CURSED NO LONGER! A JOYOUS DAY, INDEED.
AAHHHH FREEDOM!!!
CURSED NO LONGER! A JOYOUS DAY, INDEED.
AAHHHH FREEDOM!!!
CURSED NO LONGER! A JOYOUS DAY, INDEED.
AAHHHH FREEDOM!!!
CURSED NO LONGER! A JOYOUS DAY, INDEED.
Ooph, this one is louder than the last.
Milady, please tell us…
Why were you in this physical form?
Why fight us?
I DO NOT KNOW. THE SOUL OF A VALKYRIE CANNOT REMAIN PURE IN A PHYSICAL BODY.
WE BELONG IN THE SPIRIT WORLD! WHICH IS WHERE I NOW GO. GOODBYEEEEE!
I DO NOT KNOW. THE SOUL OF A VALKYRIE CANNOT REMAIN PURE IN A PHYSICAL BODY.
WE BELONG IN THE SPIRIT WORLD! WHICH IS WHERE I NOW GO. GOODBYEEEEE!
I DO NOT KNOW. THE SOUL OF A VALKYRIE CANNOT REMAIN PURE IN A PHYSICAL BODY.
WE BELONG IN THE SPIRIT WORLD! WHICH IS WHERE I NOW GO. GOODBYEEEEE!
I DO NOT KNOW. THE SOUL OF A VALKYRIE CANNOT REMAIN PURE IN A PHYSICAL BODY.
WE BELONG IN THE SPIRIT WORLD! WHICH IS WHERE I NOW GO. GOODBYEEEEE!
I DO NOT KNOW. THE SOUL OF A VALKYRIE CANNOT REMAIN PURE IN A PHYSICAL BODY.
WE BELONG IN THE SPIRIT WORLD! WHICH IS WHERE I GO NOW. GOODBYEEEEE!
I DO NOT KNOW. THE SOUL OF A VALKYRIE CANNOT REMAIN PURE IN A PHYSICAL BODY.
WE BELONG IN THE SPIRIT WORLD! WHICH IS WHERE I NOW GO. GOODBYEEEEE!
So loud!
They aren’t legendary for their social graces, alright?
Somebody made them this way.
Who? And why?
I..
I wouldn’t want to speculate.
You know something.
I’m Mimir, the smartest man alive!
I know many things!
Head…
Sigrun. The Queen of the Valkyries. She would have that power.
The last time I saw her, she was corporeal herself.
She came to visit me, long after I had been imprisoned by Odin.
Why?
Well, we had… history. I guess you could say.
Like…
romantic history?
Ah lad… you’re making me blush.
I think.
Can I still blush?
First we hunt these creatures, and now we chase your former lover?
We do not need this distraction.
It’s more than a distraction! Father, these are Valkyries!
They’re the ones who keep the dead from overrunning Midgard!
Then they are terrible at their job.
It’s not their fault, brother. Someone changed them.
Kept them from their duty.
The Queen?
I can’t say for sure, lad.
We should ask more of them.
If, of course, you don’t mind the “distraction.”
It’s another Valkyrie.
Are we doing this?
On my action.
Looks like we’re doing this!
You have freed me.
You have freed me.
You have freed me.
You have freed me.
You have freed me.
You have freed me.
Who did this to you?
I remember only…
pain.
And my Queen.
She… locked me down here?
But why?
I remember
only… pain.
And my Queen.
She…
locked me down here?
But why?
I remember only…
pain.
And my Queen.
She…
locked me down here?
But why?
I remember only… pain.
And my Queen.
She…locked me down here?
But why?
I remember only…
pain.
And my Queen. She…
locked me down here? But why?
I remember only…
pain.
And my Queen.
She…
locked me down here?
But why?
Ah… Sigrun.
I must leave you now.
I must find her. I must…
remember.
I must leave you now.
I must find her. I…I must…
remember.
I must leave you now.
I must find her.
I must…
remember.
I must leave you now.
I must find her.
I must… remember.
I must leave you now.
I must find her.
I must…
remember.
I must leave you now.
I must find her.
I must…
remember.
Not exactly the most grateful Valkyrie.
Might want to cut her some slack, lad.
Sounds like your Queen is responsible, Head.
Aye.
When I saw her last, she was…
different.
Changed.
And not just that she was in physical form.
She was more…
volatile.
She…
I tried to talk to her about it, but…
She had just come to say goodbye.
I didn’t think…
I’m sorry, Mimir.
We’ll find her.
Not sure she wants to be found.
I just don’t understand why she would do this. It doesn’t make a lick of sense.
And if she is responsible?
Then we’ll have to stop her. The Valkyries must be freed, and we’re the only ones capable.
We?
Well, who do you think’s going to watch your back?
Let me guess… There’s a Valkyrie in here.
Yup.
Well… are we going to fight her?
Or just stare at her all day.
Quiet, Head.
Hope you know what you’re doing!
Let me guess… there’s a Valkyrie in here.
Yup.
Well… are we going to fight her?
There’s a trapped spirit in there.
Quiet, Head.
Good luck, friends!
Thank you.
I am free…
but why was I imprisoned?
Thank you.
I am free…
but why was I imprisoned?
Thank you.
I am free…
but why was I imprisoned?
Thank you.
I am free…
but why was I imprisoned?
Thank you.
I am free…
but why was I imprisoned?
Thank you.
I am free…
but why was I imprisoned?
We think your Queen did this to you.
But why would Sigrun hinder our duty?
But why would Sigrun hinder our duty?
But why would Sigrun hinder our duty?
But why would Sigrun hinder our duty?
But why would Sigrun hinder our duty?
But why would Sigrun hinder our duty?
That’s the mystery we’re trying to solve, milady.
Can you think of any reason she would have to do this?
No.
Without the Valkyries, those who died in battle will not see Valhalla.
Helheim will overflow with the souls of the departed,
and drown Midgard in a sea of vengeful corpses.
No greater shame exists for a Valkyrie.
I must go.
Attempt to staunch the bleeding.
Farewell.
No.
Without the Valkyries, those who died in battle will not see Valhalla.
Helheim will overflow with the souls of the departed,
and drown Midgard in a sea of vengeful corpses.
No greater shame exists for a Valkyrie.
I must go.
Attempt to staunch the bleeding.
Farewell.
No.
Without the Valkyries,
those who died in battle will not see Valhalla.
Helheim will overflow with the souls of the departed,
and drown Midgard in a sea of vengeful corpses.
No greater shame exists for a Valkyrie.
I must go.
Attempt to staunch the bleeding.
Farewell.
No.
Without the Valkyries,
those who died in battle will not see Valhalla.
Helheim will overflow with the souls of the departed,
and drown Midgard in a sea of vengeful corpses.
No greater shame exists for a Valkyrie.
I must go.
Attempt to staunch the bleeding.
Farewell.
No.
Without the Valkyries,
those who died in battle will not see Valhalla.
Helheim will overflow with the souls of the departed,
and drown Midgard in a sea of vengeful corpses.
No greater shame exists for a Valkyrie.
I must go.
Attempt to staunch the bleeding.
Farewell.
No.
Without the Valkyries,
those who died in battle will not see Valhalla.
Helheim will overflow with the souls of the departed,
and drown Midgard in a sea of vengeful corpses.
No greater shame exists for a Valkyrie.
I must go.
Attempt to staunch the bleeding.
Farewell.
I believe you have your answer, Head.
The Queen opposes Odin.
She imprisoned the Valkyries to defy him.
Sigrun hated Odin, no doubt about that. But, her duty—her responsibility… would she really forsake
these things to get back at Odin? I don’t believe it.
I do.
Hate is stronger than duty.
We have to find the Queen.
We have to stop her!
I’m sorry, Mimir.
Aye. Don’t be sorry, lad. Sigrun brought this on herself. I only wish…
Well, wishing only gets you so far.
How will we find her?
I’m afraid I don’t know. She could be anywhere. Any realm.
We’ll find her.
We have to.
All of Midgard is counting on us.
It’s another Valkyrie. What should we do?
Perhaps we should strike up a conversation? I’m a bit curious why one would be down here…
in physical form no less.
I dunno…
she doesn’t look very friendly.
Looks like polite conversation isn’t an option!
It’s another Valkyrie.
Can we try to free her?
Mmm…
We can’t just leave her like this, brother.
Do not rush me, Head.
When we are prepared, I will attack.
ATTACK!
Freedom…
Freedom…
Freedom…
Freedom…
Freedom…
Freedom…
Where is your Queen?
My Queen?
My Queen?
My Queen?
My Queen?
My Queen?
My Queen?
She did this to you.
She’s letting the dead take over Midgard!
This cannot be.
This cannot be.
This… cannot be.
This cannot be.
This… cannot be.
This cannot be.
I didn’t want to believe it either, milady. But we have to find her.
Where is she?
I can’t say for sure, but…
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
If the Council of Eight are reunited, perhaps she will answer our call.
I can’t say for sure, but…
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
If the Council of Eight are reunited, perhaps she will answer our call.
I can’t say for sure, but…
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
If the Council of Eight are reunited,
perhaps she will answer our call.
I can’t say for sure,
but… The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
If the Council of Eight are reunited,
perhaps she will answer our call.
I can’t say for sure, but…
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
If the Council of Eight are reunited,
perhaps she will answer our call.
I can’t say for sure, but…
The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs.
If the Council of Eight are reunited,
perhaps she will answer our call.
The Council of Eight…
Looks like we have more Valkyries to hunt.
The Council of Eight…
Looks like we have more Valkyries to hunt.
Aye, lad. But at least we know where to find Sigrun.
But where do we find the remaining Valkyries?
Other realms.
Good thinking, brother.
Muspelheim, Niflheim…
Sigrun would have no qualm with interning her Valkyries outside of Midgard.
The Council of Eight…
Looks like this was our last one.
Aye, lad. Onto The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs, then?
If you remember, it’s next to the two Oarsmen statues on the path we took to Thamur’s Chisel.
This Queen of yours…
she is strong, yes?
Stronger than these other Valkyries we have faced?
That’s putting it mildly, brother.
Then we must prepare ourselves.
What is that?
I do not know.
She looks pretty strong….
I don’t think she liked that!
What is THAT?
What is what? I can’t see anything back here.
A heavily armored, winged creature.
It almost looks like a Valkyrie…
A Valkyrie?! Here in Muspelheim?? Impossible!
Yet, here she stands.
Okay, guess we’re fighting her!
A Valkyrie!
Careful, lads.
Here we go!
Ready yourself!
Freedom…
Freedom?
You have destroyed my physical form.
I have nothing to give but my gratitude.
Uh… Okay?
Valhalla awaits.
Farewell.
Incredible…
Freedom…
That’s right, milady. You are free.
You have destroyed my physical form.
I have nothing to give but my gratitude.
I guess that’s all we need.
Gratitude does not pay for weapon upkeep, boy.
Valhalla awaits.
Farewell.
That was…
interesting.
It sounded like her body was a prison, somehow.
Like,
she WANTED to be killed.
That was…
interesting.
It sounded like her body was a prison, somehow.
Like,
she WANTED to be killed.
Then she should not have fought so hard.
Regardless, it sounds like we did the right thing.
We should look for more of these Valkyries.
More of them?!
They are stronger than anything you have faced.
They will provide good experience.
Aye. Doesn’t get much stronger than a Valkyrie.
Another Valkyrie rescued.
Although…
you’d think if they wanted to be killed, they’d make it a little easier for us.
Not sure they even have a choice in the matter, lad.
What do you mean?
Whatever made them this way… they are mad with rage.
How do you know?
I know.
The Council of Eight…
Looks like this was our last one.
Aye, lad. On to The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs, then? If you remember, it’s next to the two Oarsmen
statues on the path we took to Thamur’s Chisel.
This Queen of yours…
she is strong, yes?
Stronger than these other Valkyries we have faced?
That’s putting it mildly, brother.
Then we must prepare ourselves.
What is THAT?
What is what? I can’t see anything back here.
A heavily armored, winged creature.
It almost looks like a Valkyrie…
A Valkyrie?! Here in Niflheim?? Impossible!
Yet here she stands.
Oh! Guess we’re fighting her!
Another Valkyrie…
Here in Niflheim? Of all the places…
What should we do with her?
Hmm…
Oh! Guess we’re fighting her!
Freedom…
Freedom?
You have destroyed my physical form.
I have nothing to give but my gratitude.
Uh… Okay?
Valhalla awaits.
Farewell.
Incredible…
Freedom…
Yes.
You are free now.
My sisters.
Have they suffered the same fate?
Yes. But we’ll save them!
You are both very brave.
I wish you luck.
Valhalla awaits.
Both?
She didn’t even notice me…
Mimir,
what was that all about?
Mimir, what was that all about?
Nothing good, lad.
That spirit was trapped.
Aye. And I’ve a feeling there are more out there.
We best keep an eye out.
If you’re up for playing hero, of course.
If they want to be saved, why do they put up such a fight?
They are fierce opponents.
It is good for you.
You know… most parents just want their children to get a full night’s sleep.
The Council of Eight…
Looks like this was our last one.
Aye, lad. On to The Rǫcstóll aff Valkyrs, then? If you remember, it’s next to the two Oarsmen
statues on the path we took to Thamur’s Chisel.
This Queen of yours…
she is strong, yes?
Stronger than these other Valkyries we have faced?
That’s putting it mildly, brother.
Then we must prepare ourselves.
But…
The Valkyrie…
But… The Valkyrie…
But… The Valkyrie…
We’re not going to fight her?
We’re not going to fight her?
We will face her some other time.
Not yet.
We’re just gonna leave her?
We’re just gonna leave her?
We’re just gonna leave her?
For now.
Shouldn’t we fight her?
Another time.
Yeah,
we should probably make sure we’re ready before we fight her.
Shouldn’t we fight her?
Yeah,
we should probably make sure we’re ready before we fight her.
A wise thought.
Good.
The Valkyrie is still here….
The Valkyrie is still here….
The Valkyrie is still here….
She hasn’t moved.
Creepy.
The Valkyrie is still here….
Aye, lad. Poor, wretched creature.
She hasn’t moved.
Creepy.
Time to fight?
Time to fight?
She’s still here.
She’s still here.
She’s still here.
I see her, boy.
She’s still here.
I’m ready if you are.
So…
what do we do now?
I’m ready if you are.
I’m ready if you are.
I can’t see; is she still there?
So…
what do we do now?
So… what do we do now?
Well,
here we are again.
Well, here we are again.
Well,
here we are again.
What is this place?
Hmm… Could it be? The eight thrones…
Stop being coy, Head.
Do you know this place or not?
I’m Mimir, the smartest man alive! I know many things!
Well,
whatever this place is,
it looks important.
To who?
There is little of value here.
This is it, right?
The Rǫcstóll?
Aye, lad. The Council of Valkyries.
The Valkyries are of Valhalla, are they not?
Glad to see you’re paying attention, brother!
You are correct. Valhalla, the Great Hall of the Einherjar, is their home within Asgard.
But while there, they are subject to the scrutiny of the Allfather himself.
And relations between the Valkyries and Odin were…
tense, during my tenure as his advisor.
Why?
Well, that’s an even LONGER story, lad. For now, why don’t we look around for some clues?
Try placing one of the Valkyrie helms on a throne.
Whoah… You’re back!
Uh… Hello?
I don’t think she can hear you, lad.
The helms must only retain but a small portion of their owner.
I’d wager the rest is in transit to Valhalla—
to try and fix the mess left by their absence.
Thank you, friends.
You have saved the Valkyries.
Sigrun…
How did this happen?
Mimir,
is that you?
You have been freed,
but…
Freedom comes at a price, milady.
You speak truly.
Countless winters, we served the Allfather.
But only through his union to the Queen, did we ever taste some measure of freedom.
But aren’t you the Queen?
There has only been one Queen of the Valkyries—
the Goddess Freya.
When Odin severed her wings, I served in her absence. But it wasn’t enough for the Allfather.
He used an archaic piece of magic, corrupting my sisters.
I tried to contain the damage by imprisoning them in places where they could cause no harm, but
soon… I lost myself as well.
Sigrun, I’m sorry for being so worthless.
I could have done something. Or tried, at the very least.
What will you do now?
I must reunite with my sisters.
Together, we can restore balance to the realms.
You have the eternal blessings of the Valkyries.
Well… we did it.
I suppose.
You don’t sound very happy about it.
It’s difficult to be happy about anything when you’re a reanimated head.
I’m grateful we were able to set the Valkyries free…
but so much of this could have been avoided. If only…
You said it yourself, Head.
It does not matter anymore.
The past is the past.
Well, that’s awfully cheerful coming from you.
I am in a good mood.
The Dwarves will make use of this Helm.
Your da’s a wee bit single-minded, isn’t he, lad.
Definitely.
Wait…
So Freya is the Valkyrie Queen?!
She never told us… You never told us!
Explain yourself, Head. Or are you bewitched again?
Not at all!
Freya was Queen of the Valkyries at one point.
Part of her marriage dowry included overseeing the Valkyries themselves.
As a powerful Vanir Goddess, they revered her.
I never knew how much until now.
So what happened?
Why isn’t she the queen anymore?
As Sigrun mentioned, Odin and Freya had a falling out.
He ripped her wings off, and stripped her of all titles.
The Valkyries were devastated. And Freya, well…
let’s not mention any of this to her, aye?
It’s a bit of a sore spot, to say the least.
Well, lookey here! What IS this fine-feckled slap o’ gold?
It is a Valkyrie Helm.
The QUEEN Valkyrie’s Helm.
Good glory to Gullveig, son… smells like the forges of Asgard!
You will make armor from it.
Oh, I will, will I?
You think you can just barge in here and tell me what to make?
Cuz you can!
Give it here!
Hey, guys, look what we found!
Impossible!
Is that a Valkyrie helm?
The craftsmanship…
the sheen… The gilding…
I’ve never seen anything like it!
Good glory to Gullveig, son…This
smells like the forges of Asgard!
You will make armor from it.
Oh, I will, will I?
You think you can just barge in here and tell us what to make?
Cuz you can!
Give it here!
I suppose if we reuse the original enchantment… and apply the correct mold…
I been cooking up a new design as well…
Do what you must.
Sindri, look what we got!
Impossible!
Is that a Valkyrie helm?
The QUEEN Valkyrie’s Helm.
The craftsmanship… the sheen… The gilding…
I’ve never seen anything like it!
You will make armor from it.
You want me to melt it down?
It’s unfathomable!
It’s impossible! No way! No,
I—although…
I suppose if we reuse the original enchantment… and apply the correct mold…
Do what you must.
Mimir,
who is she?
Gunnr, Mistress of War.
After any conflict, big or small, she would be first on the scene, sussing out the worthy spirits
for a free trip to Valhalla.
A gruesome task, but she took great pride in it.
Any conflict?
Impossible.
Any conflict?
Impossible.
It’s true!
She had help from her sisters, of course. But Gunnr was always first to arrive.
Her judgement of the fallen was unparalleled, and an invaluable resource to Odin.
She was one of his favorites.
Olrun.
Once the daughter of a powerful chieftain,
she fell defending him during a Reaver attack.
Olrun was escorted to Valhalla,
where she chose to devote her after-life to the pursuit of knowledge above all else.
Quite unusual behavior amongst the constant drinking and feasting of her fellow Valhallian-denizens.
How’d she end up a Valkyrie?
Odin.
He saw a kindred spirit in Olrun’s single-minded pursuit of knowledge.
He appointed her as the Valkyrie’s resident historian.
This is none other than Geirdriful, the Master of Arms in Valhalla.
Responsible for arming and training Odin’s einherjar.
His what?
His army, come Ragnarök—the entire reason Valhalla exists, you see.
The einherjar wait in the great hall, endlessly feasting, drinking and fu— ahem uh… fornicating
themselves silly.
Once Ragnarök begins, Odin calls them into service to fight on his behalf.
Geirdriful had her hands full, training that lot.
This, my friends, is Kara.
Now, Valkyries are volatile by nature, but Kara…
the lass is Wild Storm personified.
A wild storm…
Aye, calm and collected…
Then the air would shift, and the fury of her storm would unleash.
’Twas beautiful, in a way, assuming you could find proper shelter.
Her tears would cleanse the blood-soaked battlefields.
This is Ròta, a Chooser of the Slain.
I thought all the Valkyrie did that?
Not exactly, lad,
although that is what they are most famous for—and by far their greatest responsibility.
You’ve seen what happens to the dead without the judgement of the Valkyries.
Hel-Walkers.
That’s right. Ròta, Gunnr, Skuld… without them to clean up the aftermath of battle, Hel overflows
with souls meant for Valhalla.
A sorry state of affairs.
Ròta must be beside herself.
Ah,
and here we have Eir, The Healer.
A Valkyrie healer?
Strange.
Eir was strange, as a matter of fact. Very quiet. Very calm.
Where her sisters were violent rapids, Eir was a gentle stream.
She healed the wounds of both mortals and gods…
and even a certain all-knowing sage who once drank too much and fell off a mountain.
Not my proudest moment.
Ah.
Göndul. Beautiful Göndul.
Ah.
Göndul.
Beautiful Göndul.
…And?
Huh?
That’s it? “Beautiful Göndul?” No story or anything?
Er, sorry lad.
The sight of Göndul always took my breath away.
Göndul had a silver tongue, a sharp wit, and struck a figure so stunning, it literally drove men
insane.
Odin forbid her from setting foot in Midgard after a time,
as insanity is not a welcome trait in Valhalla.
Well, well… Hildr. Mistress of Battle.
She and Odin got on quite well, actually.
Her and the other Valkyries… not so much.
She would spend most of her time here in Midgard, observing discord between the living,
and sowing some up herself from time to time. She lived for conflict. Some say she WAS conflict,
personified.
I wonder what will become of her, now that she’s free.
Why—?
Locked.
This was faster.
O-kayyy.
Boy.
Yes, father.
Boy.
Yes, sir.
That’s one. The others must be nearby.
That’s two.
And that’s three. Should be able to unlock the chest now.
I think we broke all the totems. Want to go back to that chest?
We broke all three totems. Chest isn’t too far away if you want to check it.
Huh. I think the rune on that thing matched the big stone chest.
Another one.
That’s three. Maybe we should go back to the chest to see if that did anything?
Yech…
What—?
He can no longer use it.
We can.
Oh—mom taught me what to do with these…
Dreifa!
Hunh… interesting! I may want to write that down…
This should have writing on it,
but there’s nothing there.
Oh!
The Bifröst light makes the runes appear!
This way, boy!
Through here.
Go.
Coming!
Thanks.
Got it.
Hey, that could be valuable…
Hunh… let’s hang on to that.
I bet there’s more where those came from.
Ooh, good find.
Ah, more of those.
Good.
One more for the collection…
I bet that’s enough to sell to Brok or Sindri.
I think we have a complete set of those now.
Wanna see what we can trade those for?
Hey… it’s a fragment of a language cipher.
We should look for more like this.
Another cipher piece! I’ll see what I can fit together.
Another piece of the language cipher. Good.
Soon we’ll be able to translate those Muspelheim runes…
One more and we can translate those Niflheim runes…
Hey… this does more than decipher those Muspelheim runes—
it also contains the travel rune.
Should we go visit the Fire realm?
Now we can decipher those Niflheim runes. And the travel rune is here too. You want to go?
I bet that’s enough to sell to Brok or Sindri.
I think we have a complete set of those now.
Wanna see what we can trade those for?
Hm. I don’t know these runes.
If we find a cipher, I bet I could figure it out.
I can’t read these either… but they’re different from the others.
We’ve seen these runes before… but it’s the kind I still can’t read.
Hm… this needs a different cipher than the one we have.
The tongue of Niflheim.
A foul place of ice and mists…
and Dwarven mischief.
Those runes are of Muspelheim, the fire realm. No place for children,
even brave ones.
I still can’t read these.
These are the ones I can’t read.
I told you, we should come back with a cipher.
I still can’t read these.
I told you,
we should come back with a cipher.
These are the ones I can’t read.
I can’t translate this without the whole cipher.
Getting a letter here and there, but we need the rest of the language disc.
Almost… if we could just find the other pieces of the language disc.
Getting a letter here and there,
but we need the rest of the language disc.
I can’t translate this without the whole cipher.
Almost… if we could just find the other pieces of the language disc.
If I’m a god, how come I still can’t read these?
Shouldn’t a god just be able to read these already?
Can you read these, Mimir?
Muspelheim runes?
No, not much opportunity for correspondence there.
Niflheim runes? No, not much opportunity for correspondence there.
How about these?
No, those neither.
I don’t think we have what we need to deal with that.
Maybe we’ll find something we can use here. Let’s come back.
There’s got to be a better tool for this job.
Hm… what do we need here?
This may need something we don’t have.
Mom called it Hel’s bramble.
Can’t burn it, can’t cut it.
Wow!
I didn’t think anything could get through all that Hel-bramble!
Those blades… how do they make fire like that? Did Brok and Sindri make those too?
Um…
what was that?
Well, that’s a bit of a story, actually…
Later.
Upp—I think it’s gone out.
I’m afraid the winds have dissipated, brother.
Nope, we’ve lost it.
Ohh—wind’s out!
Here, boy.
Boy, over here.
Look here.
Here, boy. Another one.
Another one here.
Look here. Another.
Come, boy.
Come.
Boy.
Coming.
Right behind you.
Okay!
Are we really…?
Yeah!
Not in my ear, boy!
Sorry!
That was fun.
You’re in a weird mood.
What are you doing?
Are you… exercising?
I’m… not sure what you’re doing.
Are you…
teaching me something?
(sigh)… why do you get this way…
Why do you keep doing that?
What are you trying to do?
I just don’t understand you sometimes.
Wh-why would you do that?
You see what he’s like sometimes?
Aye… it’s a side I’m sure few live to witness.
Not NOW…
Why are you LIKE THIS?
What’s the MATTER with you?
Cut it OUT!
Will you please STOP THAT?
You’re doing that on purpose!
We don’t have time for this right now..!
Brother, are you feeling alright?
Anything you’d like to talk about, brother?
Oh dear…
have you broken?
My movements speak for themselves.
Gross…
Where’d you go?
Did I get in the hole too soon?
Did we miss something?
Hey, aren’t you coming?
I thought we were going forward…
Is it… not the only way?
Do you bleed?
Oh… a little, maybe. It doesn’t hurt.
Good.
I’ve always healed pretty quick. As long as I didn’t get sick…
That dead man…
he wasn’t like the others…
not a Draugr.
They do seem more… human.
Draugr burn. These dead were cold.
Hmm.
Say, we make a pretty good team.
Oh yeah? What did you do?
Well, I nearly lost a tooth…
Never seen one of those before.
They look like they walked straight out of Hel!
Those blades… how do they make fire like that? Did Brok and Sindri make those too?
It’s funny…
The first ogre we fought said you smelled like a god…
I thought he was just insulting you.
They just never learn, do they?
Keep on gettin’ in our way!
See what you get!
Ugh, enough of these guys.
Pff—this used to be a challenge.
Look at that… struck down by the gods.
To think I used to feel bad killing these guys….
I got that one.
Took care of that one.
That’s the end of you.
Back to Hel with you!
Oh yeah!
Brok’s medallion…
Great—I guess they’re all coming to life now.
Aw…!
Why can’t we take this up to the mountain?
If Brok’s been messin’ at it again, best leave it be.
Reality is unstable enough!
No matter.
We will walk.
Broken…
wonder if Modi was somehow able to sever its connection to the World Tree to funnel us here?
If those are Odin’s ravens,
should we really be killing them?
Are we trying to get him angry?
If they are spies,
they are a threat.
Well, in that case…
you’d better kill them all.
Huh…
how do we get through a seal like that? Is it magic?
If we find the magic to open it, perhaps we will return.
Do you promise?
I do not.
Oh…
is that why you wanted to come back here…
What are you waiting for?
No. We go only to the summit.
How come?
Look to your behavior.
I thought we weren’t exploring.
We are NOT.
Hunh….
Why would someone hide a library?
Information and secrecy?
Sounds like Odin…
I’ve seen this language before…
The secret language of the Travelers. For Odin’s eye only.
Another hidden library.
So these are all reports from Odin’s spies?
Clues towards finding a path to Jötunheim, and other obsessions.
One more hidden library.
Odin’s really been after Jötunheim a long time…
Aye, the stubborn old cyclops…
WHAT…?
On account of his eye!
Look, it’s alright if I call him one…
Enough wit,
head.
Oh look, it’s Sköll and Hati—the giant wolves who chase the sun and moon.
Where did they come from?
How did they get up there?
What’s happening there at the end?
They eat the sun and moon, and then everybody fights?
Here. What does it say?
“The guardians of renewal be thrice shattered.”
The runes symbolize the three Nornir.
Nornir?
The fates.
The fates. No good comes from them.
Why don’t we look around?
That was just one troll.
Mother said there were nine tormenting the realms.
I’m not sure I want to see the other eight.
I guess Midgard is a little bit safer now that he’s gone.
Another troll!
One less to worry about.
Another one down.
We took down a lot of trolls.
I wonder how many are left?
We have almost rid the world of the trolls.
Only two more trolls to go!
Only one more troll left!
That’s it. They are all dead.
All of them.
There will never be another troll.
I guess I should feel good…
I mean,
they caused this world nothing but suffering…
but…
I just feel nothing.
Why—?
Locked.
This was faster.
O-kayyy.
Boy.
Yes, father.
That’s one. The others must be nearby.
That’s two.
And that’s three.
Should be able to unlock the chest now.
I think we broke all the totems.
Want go back to that chest?
We broke all three totems.
Chest’s not too far away if you want to check it.
Huh.
I think the rune on that thing matched the big stone chest.
Another one.
That’s three.
Maybe we should go back to the chest to see if that did anything?
Is that a coffin?
Out here?
Yech…
What—?
He can no longer use it.
We can.
Oh look, it’s Sköll and Hati—the giant wolves who chase the sun and moon.
Where did they come from?
How did they get up there?
What’s happening there at the end?
They eat the sun and moon, and then everybody fights?
You know…
we actually talked to the World Serpent.
You did?
An exaggeration.
I’m good with languages… even ones I’ve never heard before. But when he talks, I can’t understand
any of it!
Sadly, no one can.
He’s speaks a dead tongue.
Oh.
Must be lonely.
Týr’s Temple is at the center of the lake.
It is from there we travel to Alfheim.
Thankfully, it’s no longer under water.
Why is that creature in the bay?
No one knows.
He just appeared one day.
Soon after, Thor attacked and their battle could be felt across all the realms.
Ultimately, it ended in a stalemate
and Thor returned to Odin empty-handed.
The Serpent stayed and grew so large he now spans all of Midgard.
See! Told you…
They’ve hated each other ever since…
destined to kill each other come Ragnarök.
You believe in Ragnarök?
I dearly wish I didn’t, child.
You think all Dwarves are as weird as Brok and Sindri?
No.
Wonder why they don’t get along anymore.
I mean,
they’re family…
That is their matter alone,
boy.
Okay.